{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\fnil\fprq0\fcharset0 rubik{\*\falt helvetica};}{\f5\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 0;}{\f7\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Noto Sans SC;}{\f8\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052 Normal;}
{\*\cs15\snext15\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i Emphasis;}
{\*\cs16\snext16\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b Strong;}
{\s17\sbasedon0\snext18\rtlch\af8\afs28\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af5\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb240\sa120\keepn\ltrpar\cf0\f5\fs28\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052 \u220\'dcberschrift;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052 Body Text;}
{\s19\sbasedon18\snext19\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052 List;}
{\s20\sbasedon0\snext20\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081\ai \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb120\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\i\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052 Caption;}
{\s21\sbasedon0\snext21\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052 Verzeichnis;}
{\s22\sbasedon0\snext22\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi0\li567\lin567\ri567\rin567\sb0\sa283\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052 Blockzitat;}
}{\*\generator LibreOffice/7.6.7.2$Windows_X86_64 LibreOffice_project/dd47e4b30cb7dab30588d6c79c651f218165e3c5}{\info{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr2025\mo10\dy24\hr22\min30}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}}{\*\userprops}\deftab709
\hyphauto1\viewscale110\formshade\paperh16838\paperw11906\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sftnnar\saftnnrlc\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
{\*\ftnsep\chftnsep}\pgndec\pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Hello Party People,\line Orange Cap here.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\loch

\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052{\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\loch\cf0\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\loch
In this video, I present the changes made to the Colossus.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052{\loch
The Colossus\u8217\'92 attack is a horizontal line that naturally matches the formation of enemy units, which automatically line up next to each other when attacking. This attack design was originally introduced with the argument that it should reward micro-management and proper positioning. Unfortunately, positioning is usually automatically correct, and maps as well as classic unit compositions severely limit the room for creative positioning. As a result, it almost never happens that Colossi approach from a different direction than the main army. Since Colossi cannot defend themselves against air units, yet can be attacked by pure anti-air units, they are far too vulnerable to move around on their own. In practice, the idea of flexible positioning does not fit the reality of gameplay. It feels more like a punishment when a Colossus is not standing directly inside the main army to deal optimal damage \u8212\'97 for example, when a newly built Colossus reinforces from a different angle.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052{\loch
Even their cliff-walking ability is hardly usable, because, again, they are too vulnerable when alone \u8212\'97 especially against air units \u8212\'97 and there are too few units like Stalkers that can follow them over cliffs by using Blink. I don\u8217\'92t know for sure, but I could imagine that Blizzard\u8217\'92s original idea was that the Colossus should function on many maps like a combination of Shuttle and Reaver from StarCraft: Brood }{\loch
W}{\loch
ar \u8212\'97 except that the Colossus cannot move over water and thus has more limitations, giving players a reason to sometimes still use a Warp Prism for transportation. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052{\loch
To return to its weapon, }{\loch
Dustin Browder}{\loch
 said in 2009 that :}
\par \pard\plain \s22\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi0\li567\lin567\ri567\rin567\sb0\sa283\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052{
\u8220\'93}{\loch
The original attack is not coming back. The old beam was just \u8216\'91more damage.\u8217\'92 Simple, but not fun. The current Colossus weapon encourages micro since it really matters who you shoot and the angle you shoot them from. Fortunately since the Colossus can step up and down cliffs and over friendly units he can move to the optimal position if you are fast enough.\u8221\'94}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052{\loch
For me, this falls into }{\loch
a similiar}{\loch
 category as: }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\loch
\u8220\'93Do you guys not have phones?\u8221\'94}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052{\loch
Do you often see players having fun with Colossus positioning? Do you see many interesting positional plays against deathballs that show a clear difference between beginners and professional players? I simply don\u8217\'92t. Maybe most players just aren\u8217\'92t fast enough.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052{\loch
That is why the Colossus weapon is now again a continuous single-target attack, similar to a Sentry beam, but with automatic target locking and area-of-effect damage that also works against air units. The target lock ensures that the weapon has extended range as long as the Colossus continues attacking the same enemy unit. If the target or Colossus moves outside that extended range, the continuous beam breaks. This makes the Colossus flexible enough to operate alone on the map and hold its own against any unit type \u8212\'97 although there are still dedicated counters that can take it down efficiently.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052{\loch
Additionally, the new weapon deals damage while moving, which is useful both when chasing and when retreating \u8212\'97 and it makes micro with the Colossus genuinely enjoyable. You try to activate the attack, but immediately keep moving so the Colossus stays out of range of enemy units. The new danger posed by the Colossus also makes it an interesting harassment unit. Opponents need to hunt it down and can counter the attack effectively if they maintain proper spacing between units to avoid the splash damage.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052{\loch
Overall, this creates more interesting micro on both sides and allows for more diverse unit compositions.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052{\loch\cs16\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
Alright, that\u8217\'92s it for this video about the Colossus.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052{\loch\cs16\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
Please test the }{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\cs15\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\b0\loch
sc2YouWant}{\loch\cs16\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
 mod and provide feedback to help improve it further. }{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
\line }{\loch\cs16\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
Thanks for watching \u8212\'97 more to come!}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
 }
\par }