{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Noto Sans SC;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 0;}{\f7\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052 Normal;}
{\*\cs15\snext15\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i Emphasis;}
{\*\cs16\snext16\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b Strong;}
{\s17\sbasedon0\snext18\rtlch\af7\afs28\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af4\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb240\sa120\keepn\ltrpar\cf0\f4\fs28\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052 \u220\'dcberschrift;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052 Body Text;}
{\s19\sbasedon18\snext19\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052 List;}
{\s20\sbasedon0\snext20\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081\ai \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb120\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\i\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052 Caption;}
{\s21\sbasedon0\snext21\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052 Verzeichnis;}
}{\*\generator LibreOffice/7.6.7.2$Windows_X86_64 LibreOffice_project/dd47e4b30cb7dab30588d6c79c651f218165e3c5}{\info{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr2025\mo11\dy2\hr23\min29}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}}{\*\userprops}\deftab709
\hyphauto1\viewscale110\formshade\paperh16838\paperw11906\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sftnnar\saftnnrlc\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
{\*\ftnsep\chftnsep}\pgndec\pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Hello Party People,\line Orange Cap here.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\loch

\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052{\loch
In this video, I\u8217\'92ll explain why the Mothership has been removed from the game and why it has been replaced by the Arbiter.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052{\loch
The Mothership is a unit that you can only build once, which automatically means it has to be stronger than other units, since its power cannot come from mass production like it does for all other units. Unfortunately, this also leads to tactical and strategic limitations, because you can\u8217\'92t use its abilities in multiple locations or multiple times across different army groups. Due to its strength, the Mothership usually becomes a priority target, as it always represents the highest threat on the battlefield. Unfortunately, this causes the entire game to revolve around this single unit, which actually reduces overall diversity. Additionally, I simply prefer the Arbiter model over the Mothership model, which is a very subjective reason, }{\loch
but not the only one. }{\loch
The Arbiter\u8217\'92s smaller model improves visibility on the battlefield.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052{\loch
For these reasons \u8212\'97 and because it wouldn\u8217\'92t feel appropriate to have multiple Motherships, and because its large model obscures too many units and reduces visual clarity \u8212\'97 it has been replaced by the Arbiter. The Arbiter can be built multiple times, deals bonus damage to armored units and structures, and its abilities cost energy instead of having cooldowns. This makes the Arbiter useful in more situations and gives it }{\loch
more}{\loch
 counters.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052{\loch
Now let\u8217\'92s take a look at its abilities. Instead of having a passive cloaking effect, the Arbiter, just like the Mothership, has Cloaking Field, which makes }{\loch
the Arbiter and }{\loch
all nearby friendly units invisible for a limited duration. The fact that the Arbiter itself also becomes invisible makes it harder to counter, but it also enables ambushes that wouldn\u8217\'92t be possible with a visible Arbiter. As a result, detection and good scouting become increasingly important. Draining the Arbiter\u8217\'92s energy early and using area-of-effect damage that works on cloaked units become important tools against it.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052{\loch
The next ability is Time Warp, which now increases the movement and attack speed of all units inside the field instead of slowing them. This change was made because Protoss already have plenty of abilities that restrict enemy movement, such as the Obelisk slow, Force Field, and Stasis Ward. This version of Time Warp is also more counterable, because there are more ways to push units out of it than there are ways to force units into it. As a result, players are incentivized to push enemy units out and move their own units in to benefit. This increases player interaction, can lead to more varied outcomes in matches, and scales well with player skill when contesting specific areas.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052{\loch
The final ability is Transference, which replaces Mass Recall. Transference teleports all nearby friendly units into a Psionic Matrix. This allows units to not only escape dangerous situations, but also, with the help of a Warp Prism, to be teleported behind enemy lines. Additionally, units can be teleported not just to a Nexus, but anywhere a Psionic Matrix exists. This makes the ability significantly more flexible and opens up more tactical and strategic possibilities.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052{\loch
Overall, the Arbiter is a support unit that improves mobility and enhances friendly units. These new options enable fresh tactical responses and strategic depth.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052{\loch\cs16\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
Alright, that\u8217\'92s it for this video about the Arbiter.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052{\loch\cs16\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
Please test the }{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\cs15\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\b0\loch
sc2YouWant}{\loch\cs16\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
 mod and provide feedback to help improve it further. }{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
\line }{\loch\cs16\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
Thanks for watching \u8212\'97 more to come!}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
 }
\par }