{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 0;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Noto Sans SC;}{\f7\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052 Normal;}
{\*\cs15\snext15\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i Emphasis;}
{\*\cs16\snext16\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b Strong;}
{\s17\sbasedon0\snext18\rtlch\af7\afs28\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af4\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb240\sa120\keepn\ltrpar\cf0\f4\fs28\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052 \u220\'dcberschrift;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052 Body Text;}
{\s19\sbasedon18\snext19\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052 List;}
{\s20\sbasedon0\snext20\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081\ai \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb120\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\i\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052 Caption;}
{\s21\sbasedon0\snext21\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052 Verzeichnis;}
}{\*\generator LibreOffice/7.6.7.2$Windows_X86_64 LibreOffice_project/dd47e4b30cb7dab30588d6c79c651f218165e3c5}{\info{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr2025\mo10\dy4\hr15\min13}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}}{\*\userprops}\deftab709
\hyphauto1\viewscale110\formshade\paperh16838\paperw11906\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sftnnar\saftnnrlc\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
{\*\ftnsep\chftnsep}\pgndec\pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Hello Party People,\line Orange Cap here.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1\loch

\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
In today\u8217\'92s video, I\u8217\'92ll be presenting the changes to the Queen, larvae production and Zerg defense.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Until now, the Queen extended creep through Creep Tumors, provided additional larvae through Zerg main structures, and healed both buildings and units. The Queen was never meant to be an effective offensive unit, since she is very slow off creep and all of her abilities required either creep or a Zerg main building. Due to the Zerg\u8217\'92s relatively weak static defenses and limited defensive options overall, it was previously necessary to rely on multiple strong Queens. In addition, each race was designed to have a mechanic that encouraged players to return to their base: for Terran it was Calldown: M.U.L.E., for Protoss Chrono Boost, and for Zerg Larvae Injection.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
To create more variety in gameplay, the Queen in }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\loch
sc2YouWant}{\loch
 is slightly weaker, while some of her abilities and other aspects of the Zerg have been strengthened. The Queen now has less health and her ability Larvae Injection has been reworked, Spore Crawlers are sturdier, Zerg ground units regenerate health faster on creep instead of moving faster, Burrow is more powerful }{\loch
and Queens can also detect burrowed and cloaked units while they are burrowed}{\loch
, Creep Tumors can spawn 2 Broodlings, and Transfusion lasts longer. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Unspent Creep Tumors now spawn 2 Broodlings when they are destroyed, or they can be manually consumed to actively spawn 2 Broodlings instead of creating another Creep Tumor. Overseers also gain the ability to refresh Creep Tumors, allowing them to either spawn 2 Broodlings again or place another Tumor. This ability can be autocast, creating a new mechanic of its own \u8212\'97 adding immersion by having Overseers scattered across the map to refresh tumors. Players are also faced with a meaningful choice: whether to spread creep further or save tumors for defense. Additionally, enemy units are briefly slowed down when they destroy unused Creep Tumors, as 2 Broodlings always spawn in the process.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
The Transfuse ability can once again be cast off creep and now lasts longer and making it more useful both defensively and offensively. Offensive mass Queens should still be less powerful, since Queens now have significantly less health and can be focused down more easily. In addition, the other races also have new defensive options.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Larvae are now meant to be produced primarily through Zerg main structures. Building additional Hatcheries or upgrading them to Lair or Hive will automatically increase larva production, with Lair generating more than Hatchery and Hive generating more than Lair. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
The Queen can still create larvae without a Zerg main building, but at a higher energy cost. This ability is no longer meant to make up a large part of consistent larva production, but rather to serve as a limited tactical option anywhere on the map. Therefore Larvae now also survive for 10 seconds off creep so that the larvae can be morphed into eggs. This change removes the monotonous Larvae Injection mechanic, which was both a hurdle for beginners and tedious for more experienced players, allowing everyone to focus more on the engaging parts of the game. In addition the increased reliance on multiple Zerg main structures also enhances immersion \u8212\'97 making Zerg bases feel more \u8220\'93Zergy\u8221\'94 again with more beehives instead of one.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
With simplified larva production, tumors spawning Broodlings, longer-lasting Transfuse, Zerg ground units regenerating faster on creep, burrowed units taking 50% less damage and receiving a short speed boost upon unburrowing \u8212\'97 Zerg are now much stronger in the early game. They can move out of their bases more confidently, establish map control earlier, and no longer have to wait until late game. Altogether, this creates more strategic possibilities and a more \u8220\'93Zerg-like\u8221\'94 feeling. The Queen\u8217\'92s ability to generate larvae is no longer mandatory, but instead a tactical option to create a limited number of larvae \u8212\'97 even outside the bases. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052{\loch\cs16\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
Alright, that\u8217\'92s it for this video about the Queen, larvae production and Zerg defense.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052{\loch\cs16\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
Please test the }{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\cs15\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\b0\loch
sc2YouWant}{\loch\cs16\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
 mod and provide feedback to help improve it further. }{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
\line }{\loch\cs16\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
Thanks for watching \u8212\'97 more to come!}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
 }
\par }