{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 0;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Noto Sans SC;}{\f7\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052 Normal;}
{\*\cs15\snext15\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i Emphasis;}
{\*\cs16\snext16\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b Strong;}
{\s17\sbasedon0\snext18\rtlch\af7\afs28\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af4\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb240\sa120\keepn\ltrpar\cf0\f4\fs28\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052 \u220\'dcberschrift;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052 Body Text;}
{\s19\sbasedon18\snext19\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052 List;}
{\s20\sbasedon0\snext20\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081\ai \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb120\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\i\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052 Caption;}
{\s21\sbasedon0\snext21\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052 Verzeichnis;}
}{\*\generator LibreOffice/7.6.7.2$Windows_X86_64 LibreOffice_project/dd47e4b30cb7dab30588d6c79c651f218165e3c5}{\info{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr2025\mo10\dy18\hr0\min57}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}}{\*\userprops}\deftab709
\hyphauto1\viewscale110\formshade\paperh16838\paperw11906\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sftnnar\saftnnrlc\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
{\*\ftnsep\chftnsep}\pgndec\pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Hello Party People,\line Orange Cap here.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\loch

\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
In this video, I present the changes made to the }{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
Sentry}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
We\u8217\'92ll start with the changes to Force Field. Force Fields that could previously only be destroyed by certain units automatically led to situations where players only needed to build a few specific units to deal with Sentries effectively.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
Therefore, Force Fields are now }{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
destructible}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
 and have }{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
high passive shield regeneration}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
, ensuring that only a critical number of units is needed to destroy them }{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
instead of a}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
 specific unit. It\u8217\'92s perfectly fine that large armies can destroy Force Fields quickly, since such a cheap unit and ability shouldn\u8217\'92t be able to }{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
block}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
 entire armies worth thousands of minerals and vespene gas. However, Force Fields still have value even against large armies, because for a short time they absorb damage that would otherwise hit your actual units. The smaller the enemy army, the longer it takes to bring down the Force Fields, and the more value they provide. This means that Force Fields remain just as effective as before against }{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
run-bys}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
 and }{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
small armies}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
. As a result, Force Fields still serve an important purpose but now allow for many more ways to be countered, which increases the variety of viable unit compositions.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
To compensate for the Force Field nerf, Guardian Shield has been slightly strengthened to make Sentries with an active Guardian Shield a more threatening unit \u8212\'97 one that, like Templars, opponents will want to focus down. As a result, Guardian Shield now reduces incoming damage by 3 instead of 2 per attack. This makes it more effective against units like }{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
Marines}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
 or }{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
Hydralisks}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
, encouraging opponents to mix in other units that counter Sentries with Guardian Shield more effectively.\line \line Moving on to Hallucinations. Sentry Hallucinations have too little variation, which leads players to mainly use fast flying units like the Phoenix for scouting, or high-HP units to soak up damage. Other Hallucinations usually aren\u8217\'92t worth using. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
Now, Hallucinations }{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
last longer and }{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
deal }{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
25% of the original unit\u8217\'92s damage}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
, so different damage types and attributes matter more, and attacking Hallucinations can be more easily mistaken for real units. To prevent Hallucinations from being by far the best scouting option or generally too strong at the beginning of the game, they now have to be researched at the Twilight Council, and their vision range has been reduced to 5. Reducing their vision range also makes it worthwhile to mix melee and ranged unit Hallucinations \u8212\'97 since ranged units can only fully use their attack range if melee Hallucinations reveal nearby targets. Additionally, the }{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
number of Hallucinations}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
 created now varies depending on the unit, adding another factor that differentiates them.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
Moreover, the Sentry\u8217\'92s attack damage has been increased, especially against light units and structures.}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
 Its starting energy has also been increased so that Guardian Shield can be used immediately, just like Force Field, while offering a different tactical purpose. While Force Field is stronger against melee units such as Zerglings, Firebats, or Zealots, Guardian Shield is more effective against ranged units with a high attack rate, like Hydralisks, Marines, or Sentries and Hallucinations have additional, distinct use cases depending on the hallucinated unit. }{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
\line \line }{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
All in all, the strengths of the abilities have been redistributed through these changes, making all abilities roughly equally useful. With the additional damage, the Sentry becomes more of a glass cannon, but now has more options to protect itself through the use of its abilities. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
Alright, that\u8217\'92s it for this video about the Sentry.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
Please test the }{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\cs15\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\b0\loch
sc2YouWant}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
 mod and provide feedback to help improve it further. }{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
\line }{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
Thanks for watching \u8212\'97 more to come!}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
 }
\par }