{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 0;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Noto Sans SC;}{\f7\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f8\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052 Normal;}
{\*\cs15\snext15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b Strong;}
{\*\cs16\snext16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i Emphasis;}
{\s17\sbasedon0\snext18\rtlch\af8\afs28\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af4\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb240\sa120\keepn\ltrpar\cf0\f4\fs28\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052 \u220\'dcberschrift;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052 Body Text;}
{\s19\sbasedon18\snext19\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052 List;}
{\s20\sbasedon0\snext20\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081\ai \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb120\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\i\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052 Caption;}
{\s21\sbasedon0\snext21\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052 Verzeichnis;}
}{\*\generator LibreOffice/7.6.7.2$Windows_X86_64 LibreOffice_project/dd47e4b30cb7dab30588d6c79c651f218165e3c5}{\info{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr2026\mo5\dy19\hr23\min35}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}}{\*\userprops}\deftab709
\hyphauto1\viewscale110\formshade\paperh16838\paperw11906\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sftnnar\saftnnrlc\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
{\*\ftnsep\chftnsep}\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af7\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af7\loch
009_Nexus}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af7\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af7
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
In this video, I present the changes made to the Nexus.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
Instead of the Mothership, the Warp Prism can now be built directly at the Nexus, provided that a Cybernetics Core has been constructed. The Warp Prism can not only transport units and provide Psionic Matrix while in Phasing Mode, but it can also }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
recharge shields}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
 in Phasing Mode, similar to the former Shield Battery. As a result, the Shield Battery has been removed from the game. In addition, the Psionic Matrix}{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
 radius}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
 of the Warp Prism has been increased and now matches that of a Pylon, allowing Protoss structures to be powered more safely without having to place them too close to enemy attack range. In addition, the earlier availability of the Warp Prism is necessary to ensure that all races have equally fast options to leave or access islands. This change is very important to make much more diverse maps possible.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
Let\u8217\'92s move on to Strategic Recall. Previously, Protoss armies often had to be teleported back to the Nexus, because Protoss units had few retreat options, and armies could only be moved between bases slowly. Without Strategic Recall this often led to critical damage before reinforcements arrived and made comebacks difficult to achieve. However, since all units and structures now have more health and shields, most units deal less damage on average, and all races have received new or improved defensive tools, the early defensive option of }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
Strategic Recall}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
 is no longer required. Strategic Recall also feels very unfair for opponents, as even well-executed surrounds can be countered so easily.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
Furthermore, many Protoss units now have }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
enhanced retreat capabilities}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
. These include earlier access to Warp Prisms with the }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
Recharge Shields}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
 ability, }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
Zealot\u8217\'92s Charge}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
which can also be used for retreating, the }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
double Blink}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
 for Stalkers, and }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
Adept Shades}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
 that can instantly teleport to their shade via a button with a reduced cooldown, along with many other improvements. This means Protoss have more options to escape dangerous situations, but those options depend more on player skill. In addition, Protoss base defense has become significantly stronger overall, giving players far more time to reposition their armies for defense. These improved defensive options will be explored in greater detail in the upcoming videos.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
Therefore, }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
Strategic Recall}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
 has been removed from the Nexus and will return in a }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
reworked form}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
 with the Mothership\u8217\'92s replacement, the }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
Arbiter, which can be built multiple times}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
Additionally, Nexuses no longer share the cooldown of the }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
Energy Recharge}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
 ability. Each Nexus can now use its own Recharge independently, restoring }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
75 energy for 75 energy}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
. This change was made to allow players to recharge more units without excessive clicking. Each use provides enough energy for most abilities. While the ability itself is weaker due to the increased energy cost per point restored, it remains quite powerful thanks to the removed cooldown.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
With these changes, the Nexus now provides an important defensive unit as well as abilities, all of which can also be useful offensively in one way or another.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af7\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af7\loch
010_Obelisk}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af7\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af7
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af6\loch
In this video, I present the new Protoss structure the }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\dbch\af6\loch
Obelisk}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af6\loch
.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af6\loch
The Obelisk is a new }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\dbch\af6\loch
defensive structure}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af6\loch
 for the Protoss.\line It }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\dbch\af6\loch
slows the movement and attack speed}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af6\loch
 of all nearby }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\dbch\af6\loch
enemy ground units}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af6\loch
.\line In addition, the Obelisk has a }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\dbch\af6\loch
special shield}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af6\loch
 that reduces all incoming damage }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\dbch\af6\loch
below 70 to just 1}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af6\loch
.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af6\loch
Because of this, each race needs }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\dbch\af6\loch
specific units}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af6\loch
 to quickly destroy an Obelisk.\line Alternatively, players can try to destroy the Pylons or Warp Prism that project the Psionic Matrix, which powers the Obelisk.\line Without Psionic Matrix, }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\dbch\af6\loch
neither the slowing effect nor the special shield}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af6\loch
 will function. This makes Pylons even more valuable targets, but also harder to destroy when surrounded by Obelisks.\line \line Rushes with ground units become much easier to defend against, allowing Protoss to }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\dbch\af6\loch
hold their ground even on completely open maps}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af6\loch
.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af7\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af7\loch
020_Photon Cannon}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af7\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af7
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
In this video, I present the changes made to the Photon Cannon.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
In the current version of StarCraft 2, defensive structures, including Photon Cannons, are generally too weak. Especially in team games, static defenses need to be strong enough to buy time until teammates can arrive to help. This is essential for team maps where players don\u8217\'92t start close to each other. However, even in 1v1 matches, defensive structures should remain a meaningful challenge for attacking players throughout the entire game, at least until they have units designed to counter static defenses.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
That\u8217\'92s why,}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
 in }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
sc2YouWant}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
def}{\loch
ensive structures deal more damage and have increased health, shields, and range. The main design challenge is ensuring that they aren\u8217\'92t too powerful during early rushes. To balance this, defensive structures take longer to build, town halls with stored workers are armed with a weapon that has a range of 8, and workers deal significantly more damage to structures. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
These changes make a wider variety of maps viable, both in 1v1 and team games, and give players earlier and more accessible options to defend against rushes using static defenses.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af7\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af7\loch
030_Gateway Warpgate}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af7\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af7
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
In this video, I present the changes to the Gateway.\line After researching the Warp Gate upgrade, Gateways automatically transform into Warp Gates, which allow you to produce units within a few seconds anywhere covered by a Psionic Matrix. The Warp Gate then has a cooldown period that varies depending on the unit produced. This cooldown is shorter than the unit\u8217\'92s regular build time in a Gateway. This means that Warp Gates can produce units faster and also save travel time, since you can freely choose the warp-in location within the Psionic Matrix. As a result, Gateways become obsolete after upgrading to Warp Gates, and the Warp Gate upgrade becomes a mandatory choice regardless of the strategy you play. The short time it takes to warp in a unit also gives opponents very little opportunity to interrupt the warp-in. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
To add a more interesting strategic decision to the game, each warp-in now costs 25 minerals. This means you should gain some benefit from using a warp-in to make it worthwhile, for example, by dealing damage to your opponent, defending your buildings or workers more effectively, or creating an army faster to execute specific timing attacks. If none of these apply, it\u8217\'92s more cost-efficient to produce units in a Gateway instead.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
In addition, the warp-in duration has been slightly increased to give opponents a better chance to react. To make switching between Gateway and Warp Gate a more appealing option, the transformation time has been shortened. After researching the Warp Gate upgrade, Gateways no longer automatically transform into Warp Gates. In addition, the cooldown time for the Stalker has been slightly increased, while the cooldowns for all other Warp Gate units have been slightly decreased.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
With these changes, Gateways and Warp Gates now support different strategies, and Warp Gates are not always the better choice. Opponents can also react more effectively to warp-ins, which means Protoss players have to use them more carefully.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af7\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af7\loch
040_Zealot}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af7\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af7
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
In this video, I present the changes to the Zealot.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
The Zealot\u8217\'92s }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
Charge}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
 ability is designed to be easy to use, which is why it activates automatically whenever enemies are nearby. Because of this, it only works when the Zealot can actually attack enemy units, and not when retreating or performing other tactical maneuvers.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
To make Charge useful in more situations, it has been changed to grant a large temporary speed boost. This allows Zealots to quickly reposition, move across the map faster, or retreat from dangerous situations depending on the circumstances. This makes attacking with Zealots more demanding, but it also creates many new tactical opportunities.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
As before, the Charge upgrade also provides a general movement speed bonus, giving players with lower micro skills a good reason to research it as well.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
In addition, all Protoss units and structures now have more }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
shields}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
 than }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
health}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
. The cost and research time of the armor upgrades from the Forge have been adjusted accordingly. Zealots in particular have received an additional increase to their shields, since the defensive options against them have improved for all races.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
The Zealot now offers new possibilities for all players, with its potential scaling better with player micro skill.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af7\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af7\loch
050_Sentry}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af7\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af7
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
In this video, I present the changes made to the }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
Sentry}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
We\u8217\'92ll start with the changes to Force Field. Force Fields that could previously only be destroyed by certain units automatically led to situations where players only needed to build a few specific units to deal with Sentries effectively.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
Therefore, Force Fields are now }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
destructible}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
 and have }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
high passive shield regeneration}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
ensuring that only a critical number of units is needed to destroy them instead of a specific unit. It\u8217\'92s perfectly fine that large armies can destroy Force Fields quickly, since such a cheap unit and ability shouldn\u8217\'92t be able to block entire armies worth thousands of minerals and vespen gas. However, Force Fields still have value even against large armies, because for a short time they absorb damage that would otherwise hit your actual units. The smaller the enemy army, the longer it takes to bring down the Force Fields, and the more value they provide. This means that Force Fields remain just as effective as before against }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
run-bys}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
 and }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
small armies}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
. As a result, Force Fields still serve an important purpose but now allow for many more ways to be countered, which increases the variety of viable unit compositions.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
To compensate for the Force Field nerf, Guardian Shield has been slightly strengthened to make Sentries with an active Guardian Shield a more threatening unit, one that, like Templars, opponents will want to focus down. As a result, Guardian Shield now reduces incoming damage by 3 instead of 2 per attack. This makes it more effective against units like }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
Marines}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
 or }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
Hydralisks}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
encouraging opponents to mix in other units that counter Sentries with Guardian Shield more effectively.\line \line Moving on to Hallucinations. Sentry Hallucinations have too little variation, which leads players to mainly use fast flying units like the Phoenix for scouting, or high-HP units to soak up damage. Other Hallucinations usually aren\u8217\'92t worth using. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
Now, Hallucinations last longer and deal }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
25% of the original unit\u8217\'92s damage}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
so different damage types and attributes matter more, and attacking Hallucinations can be more easily mistaken for real units. To prevent Hallucinations from being by far the best scouting option or generally too strong at the beginning of the game, they now have to be researched at the Twilight Council, and their vision range has been reduced to 5. Reducing their vision range also makes it worthwhile to mix melee and ranged unit Hallucinations, since ranged units can only fully use their attack range if melee Hallucinations reveal nearby targets. Additionally, the }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
number of Hallucinations}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
 created now varies depending on the unit, adding another factor that differentiates them.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
Moreover, the Sentry\u8217\'92s attack damage has been increased, especially against light units and structures. Its starting energy has also been increased so that Guardian Shield can be used immediately, just like Force Field, while offering a different tactical purpose. While Force Field is stronger against melee units such as Zerglings, Firebats, or Zealots, Guardian Shield is more effective against ranged units with a high attack rate, like Hydralisks, Marines, or Sentries and Hallucinations have additional, distinct use cases depending on the hallucinated unit. }{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
\line \line All in all, the strengths of the abilities have been redistributed through these changes, making all abilities roughly equally useful. With the additional damage, the Sentry becomes more of a glass cannon, but now has more options to protect itself through the use of its abilities.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af7\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af7\loch
060_Stalker}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af7\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af7
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af6\loch
In this video, I present the changes made to the }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
Stalker}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af6\loch
.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af6\loch
The Stalker is a fast unit that can take a fair amount of damage while also dealing solid damage itself. There\u8217\'92s really nothing to criticize about the Stalker, even its ability, }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
Blink}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af6\loch
is one of the most iconic and best-designed abilities in }{\rtlch\ai\ab0 \ltrch\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\i\b0\dbch\af6\loch
StarCraft II}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af6\loch
. It offers great potential for players to get more value out of the unit as their micro skills improve, opening up new tactical and strategic possibilities.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af6\loch
To give the Stalker even more tactical and strategic flexibility, it now has }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
two Blink charges}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af6\loch
each with a }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
14-second cooldown}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af6\loch
 instead of 7 seconds. This ensures that, overall, the Stalker cannot Blink more frequently than before. Without the increased cooldown, it would effectively be able to Blink every 3.5 seconds instead of every 7 seconds. With this change, it can either Blink once every 7 seconds as before, or twice every 14 seconds. This also helps further distinguish Blink from the Dark Templar\u8217\'92s }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
Shadow Step}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af6\loch
 ability, which, unlike the Stalker\u8217\'92s, is a single-use Blink that, combined with the Dark Templar\u8217\'92s invisibility, already provides sufficient escape or engagement potential.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af6\loch
The updated Blink mechanic allows Stalkers to snipe enemy units more effectively while reducing losses, since they can now Blink out of danger earlier. }{\dbch\af6\loch
It also makes it easier to chase down certain targets, though success still depends on reading the situation correctly and having good timing.}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af6\loch
 Using both Blinks too quickly can leave a Stalker without an escape option for a while, which makes it a lot riskier.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af7\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af7\loch
070_Adept}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af7\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af7
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052{\dbch\af6\loch
In this video, I present the changes to the Adept. \line \line The Adept was introduced as an early-game harassment and scouting option that also serves as a threat to light units such as Zerglings. \line \line To strengthen the Adept in this role and give it more versatility, its shields now regenerate significantly faster outside of combat. In addition, its Shade can now reveal burrowed and cloacked units, has a shorter cooldown, and the Adept no longer automatically teleports to the Shade after a certain amount of time, but can instead be manually teleported to the Shade at any time through a new button. This makes harassment with the Adept more micro-intensive but provides more options, while pure scouting with the Shade has become less micro-intensive. Due to the reduced cooldown, the Adept can retreat from danger more quickly, and thanks to the faster shield regeneration, it can re-engage in battle sooner. Furthermore, the Adept\u8217\'92s overall damage has been increased to make it less of a niche unit and more effective against all ground units and structures. \line }
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\dbch\af6\loch
Overall, the effectiveness of Adept harassment now relies more on micro skill, while both scouting and combat with the Adept have generally improved.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af7\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af7\loch
080_High Templar}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af7\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af7
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
In this video, I\u8217\'92ll be presenting the changes made to the }{\rtlch\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
High Templar}{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
Let\u8217\'92s start with the }{\rtlch\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
Feedback}{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
 ability. \line Because most units and structures now have higher health and shield values, the damage Feedback deals per energy point has also been increased. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
This means Feedback remains roughly as strong as before and might even be seen more often now, since more units have energy than before.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
Now let\u8217\'92s move on to }{\rtlch\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
Psi Storm}{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
.\line In }{\rtlch\ai\ab0 \ltrch\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
StarCraft: Brood War}{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
Psi Storm dealt less overall damage because of the weaker movement AI and the unit grouping limit, meaning fewer units were hit at once. As a result, the area of effect could be larger without becoming overpowered. In StarCraft II, however, the improved movement AI and the unlimited control group size caused more units to be hit by a storm. Because of this, the radius was reduced in the beta of }{\rtlch\ai\ab0 \ltrch\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
Wings of Liberty}{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
 from 2 to 1.5. But the real issue, both then and now, wasn\u8217\'92t Psi Storm itself, but rather the changed movement AI. And I say \u8220\'93changed,\u8221\'94 not \u8220\'93improved,\u8221\'94 because it also introduced unnecessary drawbacks. For example, units now automatically clump together, which actually }{\rtlch\ai\ab0 \ltrch\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
reduces}{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
 player control instead of enhancing it.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
That\u8217\'92s why, ever since the early development of }{\rtlch\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
sc2YouWant}{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
I\u8217\'92ve modified Psi Storm so that it deals }{\rtlch\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
less damage per second}{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
covers a }{\rtlch\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
larger area}{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
and }{\rtlch\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
lasts longer}{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
.\line This turns Psi Storm into a great zoning tool long before the latest patches, rather than just being a burst-damage ability. It\u8217\'92s better for opponents because it causes fewer game-ending moments and allows more comeback potential, and it\u8217\'92s also better for the caster, since the larger area and zoning effect make it more reliable and rewarding even with imperfect placement.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
Aside from ability changes, the }{\rtlch\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
Templar can now attack air units}{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
 and no longer fires a visible projectile. Instead, the attack resembles the one seen in the }{\rtlch\ai\ab0 \ltrch\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
Legacy of the Void}{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
 cinematic trailer. It strikes a single target with a lightning attack that deals damage multiple times over a short duration.\line This not only looks cooler in-game and increases immersion, but it also adds gameplay depth: the attack deals extra damage against }{\rtlch\ai\ab0 \ltrch\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
armored}{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
 units and has a range of }{\rtlch\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
7}{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
giving the High Templar more utility even without Psi Storm.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
Overall, these changes make High Templar more versatile. Feedback now has a slightly broader range of applications, and Psi Storm no longer almost completely defines the unit\u8217\'92s role, though it remains a powerful spell. The Templar\u8217\'92s strengths and weaknesses are now more balanced, opening up new strategies and unit combinations.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af7\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af7\loch
090_Dark Templar}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af7\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af7
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1\widctlpar\fi0\li0\lin0\ri0\rin0{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
In this video, I present the changes to the Dark Templar.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1\widctlpar\fi0\li0\lin0\ri0\rin0{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
Aside from the standard changes that most units have received, nothing has changed for the Dark Templar. The Dark Templar did not receive a double-blink like the Stalker, because its invisibility already gives it frequent opportunities to get to its targets or escape danger. That is also the core ability that defines the Dark Templar, and the simple Blink, or in this case,\~Shadow Step\~, is more than enough to give it a micro-dependent ability, allowing players to better showcase their skill when engaging, disengaging, or overcoming obstacles.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af7\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af7\loch
100_Archon}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af7\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af7
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
In this video, I showcase the changes to the Archon.}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
\line The Archon has received some extra shields in addition to the standard changes, as well as a small visual update to its attack to make it look a bit more dangerous.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af7\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af7\loch
110_Observer}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af7\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af7
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
In this video, I present the changes to the Observer.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
The Observer is no longer revealed while in Surveillance Mode. Its vision and detection range have been reduced, now matching those of the Overseer. Since the Raven doesn\u8217\'92t have a stationary mode that grants extended vision and detection range, it always has the increased vision and detection range of the Observer and Overseer in their stationary modes. Because of the overall reduction in vision and detection range, revealing the Observer is no longer necessary.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af7\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af7\loch
120_Immortal}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af7\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af7
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
In this video, I showcase the changes made to the Immortal.\line Previously, the Immortal lost its Hardened Shield because it was simply too powerful against Terran mech, especially Siege Tanks. While countering Siege Tanks has always been the Immortal\u8217\'92s intended role, Hardened Shield did so }{\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\i\b0\loch
too}{\loch
 effectively. At the same time, the Immortal became too easily countered by units with low damage but very high attack speed, such as Zerglings or Marines. The current Barrier only lasts a few seconds, which makes it insufficiently impactful against heavily fortified defenses.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
To address this, the Barrier now blocks significantly more damage and lasts much longer, but it also has a noticeably longer cooldown before it can activate again. A new upgrade in the Robotics Bay can further extend its active duration, reducing the time it remains inactive. For better immersion, the visual appearance of the Barrier has also been updated to resemble the iconic shield from early concept art, fully enveloping the Immortal.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
These Barrier changes encourage opponents to try to trigger it early, forcing it to expire before Immortals reach their defensive lines. Active scouting and brief hit-and-run engagements become more important to keep fortified positions secure over time. I see this as a fresh form of base defense, one that urges even heavily turtling players to move out of their bases occasionally in order to preserve them. At the same time, the improved Barrier gives attackers a temporary window to break through defenses if the opponent doesn\u8217\'92t respond quickly enough. And beyond that, the stronger Barrier also gives Immortals more opportunities to retreat or be reinforced by supporting units.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af7\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af7\loch
130_Disruptor}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af7\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af7
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
In this video, I\u8217\'92m presenting the changes to the Disruptor.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
Right now, the Disruptor can destroy far too many units with a single Purification Nova, and its cooldown is also too long, which leaves the Disruptor unable to deal damage and completely vulnerable afterward. This creates frustration on both sides: one player often loses a large number of units because of a small micro mistake or a brief moment of inattention, while the other player is very likely to lose their Disruptor. The relatively short lifetime and range of the Purification Nova make these situations even more likely to happen.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
A better design can reduce the chances of these extreme outcomes for both players. }{\rtlch\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
With the new version in the SC}{\rtlch\ai\ab0 \ltrch\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
2YouWant}{\rtlch\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
 mod,}{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
 the Purification Nova deals high damage in a much smaller area and lower damage in the remaining area. At the same time, the cooldown is significantly reduced, and the Nova\u8217\'92s lifetime, and therefore its effective range, is increased. }{\rtlch\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
This gives the defending player more time to react and reduces the number of units lost due to mis-micro or a brief lapse in attention. On the other side, the Purification Nova can be used from a safer distance, allowing for better positioning and more room for precise timing. However, the increased lifetime of the Purification Nova also gives the opponent more time to respond.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
Overall, the Disruptor can be used with less risk, but also requires multiple well-placed shots to deal massive damage, creating more room for mistakes, learning moments, and comebacks on both sides.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af7\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af7\loch
140_Colossus}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af7\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af7
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
In this video, I present the changes made to the Colossus.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
The Colossus\u8217\'92 attack is a horizontal line that naturally matches the formation of enemy units, which automatically line up next to each other when attacking. This attack design was originally introduced with the argument that it should reward micro-management and proper positioning. Unfortunately, positioning is usually automatically correct, and maps as well as classic unit compositions severely limit the room for creative positioning. As a result, it almost never happens that Colossi approach from a different direction than the main army. Since Colossi cannot defend themselves against air units, yet can be attacked by pure anti-air units, they are far too vulnerable to move around on their own. In practice, the idea of flexible positioning does not fit the reality of gameplay. It feels more like a punishment when a Colossus is not standing directly inside the main army to deal optimal damage, for example, when a newly built Colossus reinforces from a different angle.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Even their cliff-walking ability is hardly usable, because, again, they are too vulnerable when alone, especially against air units, and there are too few units like Stalkers that can follow them over cliffs by using Blink. I don\u8217\'92t know for sure, but I could imagine that Blizzard\u8217\'92s original idea was that the Colossus should function on many maps like a combination of Shuttle and Reaver from StarCraft: Brood War, except that the Colossus cannot move over water and thus has more limitations, giving players a reason to sometimes still use a Warp Prism for transportation. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
To return to its weapon, Dustin Browder said in 2009 that :}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\fi0\li567\lin567\ri567\rin567\sb0\sa283{\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\loch\cf0\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052
\u8220\'93}{\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\loch\cf0\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\loch
The original attack is not coming back. The old beam was just \u8216\'91more damage.\u8217\'92 Simple, but not fun. The current Colossus weapon encourages micro since it really matters who you shoot and the angle you shoot them from. Fortunately since the Colossus can step up and down cliffs and over friendly units he can move to the optimal position if you are fast enough.\u8221\'94}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
For me, this falls into a similiar category as: }{\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\i\b0\loch
\u8220\'93Do you guys not have phones?\u8221\'94}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Do you often see players having fun with Colossus positioning? Do you see many interesting positional plays against deathballs that show a clear difference between beginners and professional players? I simply don\u8217\'92t. Maybe most players just aren\u8217\'92t fast enough.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
That is why the Colossus weapon is now again a continuous single-target attack, similar to a Sentry beam, but with automatic target locking and area-of-effect damage that also works against air units. The target lock ensures that the weapon has extended range as long as the Colossus continues attacking the same enemy unit. If the target or Colossus moves outside that extended range, the continuous beam breaks. This makes the Colossus flexible enough to operate alone on the map and hold its own against any unit type, although there are still dedicated counters that can take it down efficiently.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Additionally, the new weapon deals damage while moving, which is useful both when chasing and when retreating, and it makes micro with the Colossus genuinely enjoyable. You try to activate the attack, but immediately keep moving so the Colossus stays out of range of enemy units. The new danger posed by the Colossus also makes it an interesting harassment unit. Opponents need to hunt it down and can counter the attack effectively if they maintain proper spacing between units to avoid the splash damage.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Overall, this creates more interesting micro on both sides and allows for more diverse unit compositions.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af7\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af7\loch
150_Phoenix}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af7\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af7
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s19\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\ulnone\ulc0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
In this video, I present the changes made to the Phoenix.}
\par \pard\plain \s19\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
The Phoenix originally used }{\rtlch\ai\ab0 \ltrch\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
Graviton Beam}{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
 to lift single units, limited by its energy, which theoretically made sense against expensive targets. But those targets are usually }{\rtlch\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
not}{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
 light units\u8230\'85 while the Phoenix deals }{\rtlch\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
bonus damage to light}{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
.\line On top of that, Graviton Beam has short range, and the Phoenix can\u8217\'92t move or attack while channeling it. So the ability ended up being useful only in very specific cases.}
\par \pard\plain \s19\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
We mostly saw Phoenixes harassing workers, where the bonus vs. light actually matters. But once the Oracle arrived with }{\rtlch\ai\ab0 \ltrch\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
Pulsar Beam}{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
 as a far stronger worker-harass tool, the Phoenix quickly lost that role and Graviton Beam became even rarer.\line These days, the Phoenix mostly appears as a counter to Mutalisks, making it a very niche unit overall.}
\par \pard\plain \s19\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
To give the Phoenix more meaningful use cases, it can now attack both }{\rtlch\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
ground and air}{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
deals increased damage vs. light units, and is once again a solid harassment option. To avoid making it too strong, its damage vs. non-light targets, movement speed, and acceleration have been toned down.}
\par \pard\plain \s19\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
Graviton Beam has been removed entirely, since the Phoenix no longer needs it to fight ground units, including massive ones. And since we already have Stasis Ward as a crowd-control option, one that works on more unit types and can be countered by destroying the Ward or reacting to its activation delay, a single-target disable like Graviton Beam, which stops the Phoenix from moving and can only be ended by killing the Phoenix itself, simply wasn\u8217\'92t needed anymore.}
\par \pard\plain \s19\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
Air dominance against Mutalisks now depends more on }{\rtlch\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
active micro}{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
: the Phoenix has slower acceleration and must stay in motion to keep its speed advantage. It\u8217\'92s no longer an automatic hard counter, only when properly controlled.}
\par \pard\plain \s19\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
Meanwhile, the Oracle now fills a different role: Pulsar Beam is gone, replaced by an anti-air weapon with bonus damage vs. armored }{\dbch\af6\loch
and an activatable shield that reduces small hits below 15 damage to 1. }{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
This makes the Oracle strong against armored air or for hunting Overlords, without being shut down too easily by Marines or Hydras.}
\par \pard\plain \s19\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af6\loch
So overall, the Phoenix is weaker in some ways after losing Graviton Beam, but it has become a more general counter to light units, both on the ground and in the air, and a less limited harassment unit that truly rewards micro-skill.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af7\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af7\loch
160_Void Ray}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af7\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af7
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\loch
In this video, I will be presenting the changes to the Void Ray.\line \line Traditionally, the Void Ray has been designed as an anti-armored unit that can deal with both ground and air targets. }{\loch
Its overall design has always made it difficult to keep it from becoming either too strong in general or too limited in its use cases. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\loch
To give it a wider range of applications, the Void Ray now deals a lot more bonus damage against }{\rtlch\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
massive units}{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\loch
 and }{\rtlch\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
structures}{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\loch
 instead of armored units. Its ability, }{\rtlch\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
Prismatic Alignment}{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\loch
, now }{\rtlch\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
triples all of its damage}{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\loch
 rather than only increasing its damage against armored targets. To ensure solid counterplay still exists, its attack range has been slightly reduced, and it now moves significantly slower while Prismatic Alignment is active. The duration of the ability has been increased, but so has the cooldown.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\loch
Because units generally move a bit slower in }{\rtlch\ai\ab0 \ltrch\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\i0\b0\loch
sc2YouWant}{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\loch
, the }{\rtlch\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
Flux Vanes}{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\loch
 upgrade now provides a much more noticeable movement-speed boost. This allows the Void Ray to dive into enemy bases quickly, apply pressure, and destroy key structures at high speed. Combined with the higher life and shield values in }{\rtlch\ai\ab0 \ltrch\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\i0\b0\loch
sc2YouWant}{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\loch
, the Void Ray also has a better chance of escaping dangerous situations. Since massive units are generally slow and structures are immobile, the reduced range and speed matter much less in those fights, while still opening up more counterplay options for other units.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\loch
Overall, these changes aim to ensure that the Void Ray is neither too powerful nor too limited in its use cases. In large-scale battles, activating Prismatic Alignment can result in extremely dangerous burst damage against all targets, forcing opponents to either }{\rtlch\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
relocate the fight}{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\loch
 or quickly }{\rtlch\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
focus-fire the Void Rays}{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\loch
. Relocating is often a viable response, since the Void Ray becomes very slow while Prismatic Alignment is active. This also means you need to carefully choose how many Void Rays will use Prismatic Alignment, and how you position them beforehand.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af7\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af7\loch
170_Oracle}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af7\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af7
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\loch
In this video, I\u8217\'92ll be showcasing the changes to the Oracle.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\loch
The Oracle now fully takes over the harassment role previously filled by the Phoenix\u8217\'92s Graviton Beam. Pulsar Beam allows the Oracle to kill more workers with the same amount of energy, making it more effective at economic harassment and also better at defending against Zergling run-bys. This gives the Oracle a stronger defensive purpose as well. In addition, Stasis Ward can disable large groups of units for a significant amount of time, while Revelation provides safe and reliable scouting. As a result, there are now only a few situations where a Phoenix is clearly the better choice, for example when facing Mutalisks.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\loch
Because the Phoenix\u8217\'92s role has shifted into a general counter to light units, both air and ground, the Oracle\u8217\'92s role has been redesigned as well. It now comes with a built-in weapon that can only target air units but deals high bonus damage to armored targets. Pulsar Beam has been removed, since that niche is now covered by the Phoenix. The Oracle has also gained a new ability: }{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\i0\b0\loch
Absorption Shield}{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\loch
. When activated, it continuously drains energy but reduces all incoming damage below 15 to only 1. This gives the Oracle greater durability against Marines and Hydralisks and forces opponents to invest in more appropriate counters. As a result, Oracles have become extremely effective at sniping Overlords and present a new type of threat that doesn\u8217\'92t revolve around killing workers.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\loch
However, workers and other ground units can still be trapped in a quickly deployable Stasis Ward. This allows the Oracle to harass and delay the opponent without permanently removing units, buying time or making it easier to pick off Overlords and other air units. Stasis Ward has also been adjusted so that it can be placed faster and lasts much longer. }{\loch
To make it easier to counter, the delay between triggering the trap and the actual Stasis has been slightly increased, and the duration of the Stasis effect has been slightly reduced.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\loch
These changes also make Stasis Ward more viable for defensive play, since it no longer has to be constantly replaced. Offensively, it can now be used with less risk of losing the Oracle, and enemy units have a bit more time to avoid being caught.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\loch
Now let\u8217\'92s talk about Revelation. Previously, Revelation covered too large an area and was available too often. To encourage more thoughtful use, its energy cost has been increased and its radius reduced.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\loch
Overall, the redesigned Oracle opens up new unit compositions and strategies. It is a more reliable and balanced tool that feels fairer for both players, since its abilities are no longer based on an \u8220\'93all-or-nothing\u8221\'94 design philosophy.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af7\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af7\loch
180_Tempest}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af7\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af7
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
In this video, I\u8217\'92m presenting the changes made to the Tempest.\line The Tempest was originally designed as a siege unit, effective against both ground and air targets. It has lost its role as a weapon against large groups of flying light units, such as Mutalisks, because Blizzard believes that mass Mutas should be countered through micro to make battles more exciting and create more player interaction. In principle, that\u8217\'92s a good idea, but we shouldn\u8217\'92t forget that you also need an effective counter against large numbers of units, so you can respond through a tactical decision in a reasonable amount of time instead of losing instantly. Most players are not familiar with the meta and won\u8217\'92t preemptively build enough Phoenixes, for example. Most of them are surprised by Mutas and cannot produce sufficient Phoenixes quickly enough. Additionally, Terran has several units, such as the Thor and Liberator, that can counter many Mutalisks very well. This implies that even if Blizzard\u8217\'92s justification is reasonable, their actions lack consistency. Being able to counter large masses with a few units is an essential requirement for comebacks, and those are exactly what we, as players and viewers, want to see more of.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Because of this, the Tempest\u8217\'92s air attack now deals area-of-effect damage, bonus damage against light, and has slightly reduced range. Against ground targets, the Tempest retains its role as a siege unit, since there are already plenty of counters available against masses of ground units. The Tectonic Destabilizers upgrade has been removed, its bonus damage against structures has been increased by default, and its range has been increased slightly. This allows it to break defensive positions effectively even in small numbers.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
We should not forget that in sc2YouWant, units no longer automatically clump, there is a button to quickly spread units across a larger area, and with a single click in the middle of your army, you can make units clump together again. This allows area damage to be countered more effectively in general. It creates micro potential and player interaction. You now have to react to the opponent\u8217\'92s army formation, which you didn\u8217\'92t need to do before, because there was only a single formation back then. What happened automatically in StarCraft: Brood War, units keeping more distance, is now a deliberate decision the player can make in sc2YouWant. This means you can still fight with clumped armies like before, but since AoE damage has been generally strengthened, you will be less successful doing so in more situations.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
As a result, Protoss have a faster answer to large groups of Mutalisks and big air armies in general, while the Tempest can still be used very effectively as a siege unit, especially against structures.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af7\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af7\loch
190_Arbiter}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af7\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af7
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
In this video, I\u8217\'92ll explain why the Mothership has been removed from the game and why it has been replaced by the Arbiter.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
The Mothership is a unit that you can only build once, which automatically means it has to be stronger than other units, since its power cannot come from mass production like it does for all other units. Unfortunately, this also leads to tactical and strategic limitations, because you can\u8217\'92t use its abilities in multiple locations or multiple times across different army groups. Due to its strength, the Mothership usually becomes a priority target, as it always represents the highest threat on the battlefield. Unfortunately, this causes the entire game to revolve around this single unit, which actually reduces overall diversity. Additionally, I simply prefer the Arbiter model over the Mothership model, which is a very subjective reason, but not the only one. The Arbiter\u8217\'92s smaller model improves visibility on the battlefield.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
For these reasons, and because it wouldn\u8217\'92t feel appropriate to have multiple Motherships, and because its large model obscures too many units and reduces visual clarity, it has been replaced by the Arbiter. The Arbiter can be built multiple times, deals bonus damage to armored units and structures, and its abilities cost energy instead of having cooldowns. This makes the Arbiter useful in more situations and gives it more counters.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Now let\u8217\'92s take a look at its abilities. Instead of having a passive cloaking effect, the Arbiter, just like the Mothership, has Cloaking Field, which makes the Arbiter and all nearby friendly units invisible for a limited duration. The fact that the Arbiter itself also becomes invisible makes it harder to counter, but it also enables ambushes that wouldn\u8217\'92t be possible with a visible Arbiter. As a result, detection and good scouting become increasingly important. Draining the Arbiter\u8217\'92s energy early and using area-of-effect damage that works on cloaked units become important tools against it.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
The next ability is Time Warp, which now increases the movement and attack speed of all units inside the field instead of slowing them. This change was made because Protoss already have plenty of abilities that restrict enemy movement, such as the Obelisk slow, Force Field, and Stasis Ward. This version of Time Warp is also more counterable, because there are more ways to push units out of it than there are ways to force units into it. As a result, players are incentivized to push enemy units out and move their own units in to benefit. This increases player interaction, can lead to more varied outcomes in matches, and scales well with player skill when contesting specific areas.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
The final ability is Transference, which replaces Mass Recall. Transference teleports all nearby friendly units into a Psionic Matrix. This allows units to not only escape dangerous situations, but also, with the help of a Warp Prism, to be teleported behind enemy lines. Additionally, units can be teleported not just to a Nexus, but anywhere a Psionic Matrix exists. This makes the ability significantly more flexible and opens up more tactical and strategic possibilities.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Overall, the Arbiter is a support unit that improves mobility and enhances friendly units. These new options enable fresh tactical responses and strategic depth.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af7\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af7\loch
200_Carrier}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af7\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af7
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
In this video, I present the changes made to the Carrier.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Currently, a Carrier\u8217\'92s Interceptors deal the same amount of damage against all unit types, and Carriers become very difficult to counter in large numbers. Additionally, a Carrier starts with only 4 out of 8 Interceptors, meaning it isn\u8217\'92t at full strength immediately after being built. This can be especially punishing in defensive situations where every unit counts, making Carriers less effective as comeback units despite their high cost.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
To give the Carrier clearer strengths and weaknesses, the Interceptors\u8217\'92 base damage has been reduced but increased against armored units. To ensure the Carrier is immediately combat-ready, it now starts with 8 out of 8 Interceptors, which can also operate farther away from the Carrier, improving its potential to turn games around. Interceptors now build faster, but they also cost more minerals. As a result, the Carrier becomes a strong siege unit, while being more effectively countered by non-armored units. Losing large numbers of Interceptors becomes costly, making it more worthwhile to focus fire on them if the Carrier itself is out of range.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\loch
Overall, Interceptors are now easier to counter and destroying them provides a greater reward because they are more expensive. At the same time, the Carrier is fully effective right away, can reposition more safely after launching its Interceptors, and can replenish them more quickly. This makes the Carrier a strong siege option with clearer counterplay.}
\par }