{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 0;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Noto Sans SC;}{\f7\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052 Normal;}
{\*\cs15\snext15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b Strong;}
{\*\cs16\snext16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i Emphasis;}
{\s17\sbasedon0\snext18\rtlch\af7\afs28\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af4\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb240\sa120\keepn\ltrpar\cf0\f4\fs28\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052 \u220\'dcberschrift;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052 Body Text;}
{\s19\sbasedon18\snext19\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052 List;}
{\s20\sbasedon0\snext20\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081\ai \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb120\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\i\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052 Caption;}
{\s21\sbasedon0\snext21\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052 Verzeichnis;}
}{\*\generator LibreOffice/7.6.7.2$Windows_X86_64 LibreOffice_project/dd47e4b30cb7dab30588d6c79c651f218165e3c5}{\info{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr2025\mo10\dy20\hr8\min24}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}}{\*\userprops}\deftab709
\hyphauto1\viewscale110\formshade\paperh16838\paperw11906\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sftnnar\saftnnrlc\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
{\*\ftnsep\chftnsep}\pgndec\pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Hello Party People,\line Orange Cap here.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1\loch

\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Today I want to talk about the Command Center, its upgrades, and the lift-off ability of Terran structures.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
The Command Center and its upgrades have a couple of issues. In the late game, players often build a large number of Orbital Commands in order to scan the map almost continuously. This creates an issue because the opponent cannot really prevent it. In theory, they could destroy a critical number of Orbital Commands, but if the game has reached that stage, the match is usually already decided anyway. On top of that, the M.U.L.E. makes the Orbital Command pay for itself very quickly. Since the M.U.L.E. gathers minerals very fast and the upgrade requires no vespene gas. As a result, building at least some Orbital Commands is less of a choice and more of an obligation. In contrast, relying only on Planetary Fortresses is by far the weaker option. The Orbital Command is simply stronger, even though the Planetary Fortress Upgrade actually costs more resources.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
To address this, the upgrade to Orbital Command now costs the same resources and time as the upgrade to Planetary Fortress. Scans also consume more energy than before. Calldown: M.U.L.E. and Calldown: Extra Supplies have been removed, and instead a new ability has been introduced: Calldown: Construction Drone. The Construction Drone can be summoned anywhere you have vision. It lasts for a few minutes, it can fly, and it is able to build all the structures an SCV can. On top of that, it can repair buildings and mechanical units for free. The idea is that SCVs no longer have to spend as much time building and repairing, and can continue harvesting resources instead. Because the drone can also build and repair Supply Depots, the old Extra Supplies ability would have overlapped too much and in practice it was hardly ever used. And when it was, it was more for its newer ability to instantly give Supply Depots extra health rather than for the additional supply itself. But these two purposes actually contradict each other. If you want to save a Depot, the extra health can help \u8211\'96 but if the Depot still goes down, you actually end up losing even more supply. In the positive case, this mechanic makes a comeback more possible, but in the negative case it makes a comeback less possible. Good abilities, however, are those that don\u8217\'92t punish the player: they shouldn\u8217\'92t make things worse in the negative case, but they should open up opportunities for comebacks in the positive case. The punishment is already there in the form of the investment into units and buildings, the energy cost, and the time the player puts in to get that ability. There\u8217\'92s no need for an additional punishment mechanic that makes comebacks less likely.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
The new Construction Drone is far less vulnerable while building or repairing than regular SCVs, thanks to its ability to fly. And because it can be called down anywhere with vision, Terran players now have a highly flexible tool to quickly set up forward outposts or repair units on the battlefield without pulling workers away from the mineral line. This is designed to support a variety of playstyles \u8211\'96 from slowly advancing across the map with defensive outposts, to establishing aggressive hidden bases behind enemy lines. It also provides the possibility of recovering faster if a base is destroyed. We want more strategies and comebacks, and these changes make that possible. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
The Planetary Fortress has been adjusted as well. It now deals much more damage against armored units, less against unarmored units, and its attack range has been slightly increased. In addition, it can now produce SCVs two at a time, just like structures equipped with a Reactor. With these changes, Orbital Commands and Planetary Fortresses are now equally appealing from an economic standpoint, but each brings its own distinct advantages. The Orbital Command lends itself more to offensive strategies, while the Planetary Fortress is better suited for defensive play.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
The lift-off ability of Terran buildings also create one issue. It allows Terrans to reach islands or otherwise inaccessible high ground much earlier than other races. This heavily restricts map design, because many types of layouts would become unbalanced if Terrans were the only ones able to expand to such locations so early. To fix this, lifting off now requires an upgrade that can be researched at the Engineering Bay. At the same time, Overlord\u8217\'92s Ventral Sacs mutation now requires an Evolution Chamber instead of a Lair. For Protoss, Warp Prisms can now be produced directly at the Nexus as soon as a Cybernetics Core is complete. These adjustments put all three races on roughly the same timeline when it comes to reaching islands or other hard-to-access expansions. That makes it possible to design maps where players start on islands or where nearby but hard-to-reach resources exist. Now every race can reach them at roughly the same time. The tradeoff is that Terrans can no longer swap add-ons between structures quite as early as before. That affects existing builds, but with all the changes in the mod, no build is the same as before anyway. In order to increase variety in both map design and strategy, compromises like this are necessary. The goal isn\u8217\'92t to preserve all the old builds, but to create a framework where far more builds are possible than before. Some will disappear, but even more will emerge. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Altogether, these changes open the door for much greater diversity in playable maps and in strategic approaches.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
Alright, that\u8217\'92s it for this video about the Command Center and sorrounding topics.\line Please test the }{\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\b0\loch
sc2YouWant}{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
 mod and provide feedback to help improve it further. }{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
\line }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
Thanks for watching \u8212\'97 more to come!}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
 }
\par }