{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 0;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Noto Sans SC;}{\f7\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052 Normal;}
{\*\cs15\snext15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b Strong;}
{\*\cs16\snext16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i Emphasis;}
{\s17\sbasedon0\snext18\rtlch\af7\afs28\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af4\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb240\sa120\keepn\ltrpar\cf0\f4\fs28\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052 \u220\'dcberschrift;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052 Body Text;}
{\s19\sbasedon18\snext19\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052 List;}
{\s20\sbasedon0\snext20\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081\ai \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb120\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\i\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052 Caption;}
{\s21\sbasedon0\snext21\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052 Verzeichnis;}
}{\*\generator LibreOffice/7.6.7.2$Windows_X86_64 LibreOffice_project/dd47e4b30cb7dab30588d6c79c651f218165e3c5}{\info{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr2025\mo9\dy28\hr23\min35}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}}{\*\userprops}\deftab709
\hyphauto1\viewscale110\formshade\paperh16838\paperw11906\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sftnnar\saftnnrlc\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
{\*\ftnsep\chftnsep}\pgndec\pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Hello Party People,\line Orange Cap here.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Today I\u8217\'92m presenting the Reaper changes.\line The Reaper is usually a unit you only see at the very start of a match \u8212\'97 good for some early-game harassment and buying time. After that, it quickly becomes too weak to make a real impact. It doesn\u8217\'92t synergize particularly well with other units or even with a bunker. Marines already cover most situations except when facing armored units, and Marauders are the perfect answer for those, acting as durable front-liners to shield the Marines. In comparison, the Reaper\u8217\'92s ability feels underwhelming in the mid-to-late game, especially considering the micro you need to invest. There are simply better abilities available, like the Ghost\u8217\'92s Snipe and EMP. And frankly, two little pistols that only shoot ground units are neither exciting nor efficient \u8212\'97 Marines are cheaper and simply better in almost every way.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
That\u8217\'92s what I wanted to change.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Now, the Reaper\u8217\'92s standard attack is a grenade that explodes after a short delay, dealing heavy splash damage to armored units. These grenades are thrown automatically with a range of 7, but they can also be manually targeted anywhere on the battlefield for skilled micro play. Since Firebats have replaced Marauders in this }{\loch
mod}{\loch
, there\u8217\'92s no longer a reliable ranged counter to armored units in the barracks\u8212\'97 and this is exactly where the Reaper comes in.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
The whole match t}{\loch
he Reaper\u8217\'92s effectiveness now scales }{\loch
better }{\loch
with the player\u8217\'92s micro skill: the better you are, the more value you get out of them \u8212\'97 but a skilled opponent can also shut them down. This creates more player interaction and makes Reapers a genuinely exciting part of the mid and late game. Their bonus damage to armored targets also applies to buildings, so if you manage to sneak them into the enemy base, they can quickly demolish key structures. This keeps them relevant even in the later stages of the match and allows players to constantly pressure defenses without always relying on drop ships. I removed the Reaper\u8217\'92s automatic life regeneration since the Medic already provides an early option to heal bio units. Reapers are also fast enough to retreat back to their base for safe healing and then put pressure on the opponent again. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
In a bio army, Reapers are now a meaningful complement against massed armored units like Stalkers or Roaches and force the opponent to micro. They even throw grenades from inside bunkers, turning bunkers into a serious threat for armored armies \u8212\'97 especially if the enemy doesn\u8217\'92t micro carefully. Reapers require an Engineering Bay and their cliff-jumping ability has to be researched in the Techlab.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Reapers now partially replace the Marauder\u8217\'92s role but are far less tanky, making them best used alongside Medics. They\u8217\'92re not really an \u8220\'93A-move\u8221\'94 unit \u8212\'97 except when attacking buildings \u8212\'97 but they have far higher potential in the hands of a skilled player.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
Alright, that\u8217\'92s it for this video about the Reaper.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
So, if you hire me as a game designer for your next RTS, it\u8217\'92s going to be amazing.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
Please test the }{\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\b0\loch
sc2YouWant}{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
 mod and provide feedback to help improve it further. }{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
\line }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
Thanks for watching \u8212\'97 more to come!}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
 }
\par }