{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 0;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Noto Sans SC;}{\f7\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052 Normal;}
{\*\cs15\snext15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b Strong;}
{\*\cs16\snext16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i Emphasis;}
{\s17\sbasedon0\snext18\rtlch\af7\afs28\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af4\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb240\sa120\keepn\ltrpar\cf0\f4\fs28\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052 \u220\'dcberschrift;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052 Body Text;}
{\s19\sbasedon18\snext19\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052 List;}
{\s20\sbasedon0\snext20\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081\ai \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb120\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\i\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052 Caption;}
{\s21\sbasedon0\snext21\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052 Verzeichnis;}
}{\*\generator LibreOffice/7.6.7.2$Windows_X86_64 LibreOffice_project/dd47e4b30cb7dab30588d6c79c651f218165e3c5}{\info{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr2025\mo9\dy28\hr23\min40}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}}{\*\userprops}\deftab709
\hyphauto1\viewscale110\formshade\paperh16838\paperw11906\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sftnnar\saftnnrlc\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
{\*\ftnsep\chftnsep}\pgndec\pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Hello Party People,\line Orange Cap here.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1\loch

\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
In this video, I present the changes to the Viking. In the Starport, the Viking primarily serves as an anti-air unit, and its ability to land also occasionally makes it a good worker harassment unit. Currently, the Viking must come to a complete stop in order to transform between ground and air mode. As a result, the controls for the Viking feel somewhat clunky for the player, making it harder to use the transformation ability efficiently. This not only makes the unit less fun to play, but also prevents players of lower skill levels from making use of this option at all.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Additionally, the Viking is not particularly durable, which sometimes means that Vikings die during transformation before they can accomplish anything. Since the Viking also cannot attack air units in ground mode, players are often forced to constantly transform it back and forth in battle, which increases the time during which it deals no damage. This in turn raises the micro skill requirement to use the Viking effectively. As a result, the Viking\u8217\'92s transformation is used less frequently by players of lower skill levels.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
On top of that, Terran lacks early, effective anti-air units in the Factory tech path. Currently, players must rely on the Cyclone \u8212\'97 which has also been redesigned in this mod \u8212\'97 but the Viking, with its transformation and flying ability, is a much better fit for this role. Blizzard\u8217\'92s main reason was probably that the Viking would otherwise be too similar to the Goliath. But I don\u8217\'92t think that\u8217\'92s a sufficient reason, especially since the Goliath cannot be built in standard multiplayer anyway. The Viking is a clever evolution of the Goliath, so it makes little sense to give it a completely different role just to make StarCraft 2 feel \u8220\'93newer.\u8221\'94}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
I believe that gameplay and fun should be more important than making the game feel new at any cost, particularly when it involves shifting units around in the tech tree. Similar things have happened to other units, like the Hydralisk. What has proven itself and has no clearly superior alternative should remain unchanged. After all, we players don\u8217\'92t want the game to just feel new \u8212\'97 we want the gameplay to be more fun. And that is exactly what you will notice in many places in the }{\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\loch
sc2YouWant}{\loch
 mod through the many new possibilities it offers.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
To make the Viking more fun in this regard, it can now transform between ground and air mode while moving, moves faster in air mode, and transforms more quickly \u8212\'97 making the transformation smoother, more responsive, and more enjoyable to use. In addition, the Viking now has more durability and can attack air units even in ground mode. Finally, the Viking is now built in the Factory instead of the Starport, and the ability to transform into air mode must be researched. This makes the Viking a solid mech unit that can also be used effectively for harassment.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
Alright, that\u8217\'92s it for this video about the Viking.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\ql{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
So, if }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
someone}{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
 hire me as a game designer for your next RTS, it\u8217\'92s going to be amazing.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\ql{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
Please test the }{\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\b0\loch
sc2YouWant}{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
 mod and provide feedback to help improve it further. }{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
\line }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
Thanks for watching \u8212\'97 more to come!}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
 }
\par }