{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 0;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Noto Sans SC;}{\f7\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052 Normal;}
{\*\cs15\snext15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b Strong;}
{\*\cs16\snext16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i Emphasis;}
{\s17\sbasedon0\snext18\rtlch\af7\afs28\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af4\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb240\sa120\keepn\ltrpar\cf0\f4\fs28\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052 \u220\'dcberschrift;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052 Body Text;}
{\s19\sbasedon18\snext19\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052 List;}
{\s20\sbasedon0\snext20\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081\ai \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb120\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\i\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052 Caption;}
{\s21\sbasedon0\snext21\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052 Verzeichnis;}
}{\*\generator LibreOffice/7.6.7.2$Windows_X86_64 LibreOffice_project/dd47e4b30cb7dab30588d6c79c651f218165e3c5}{\info{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr2025\mo10\dy2\hr0\min5}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}}{\*\userprops}\deftab709
\hyphauto1\viewscale110\formshade\paperh16838\paperw11906\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sftnnar\saftnnrlc\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
{\*\ftnsep\chftnsep}\pgndec\pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Hello Party People,\line Orange Cap here.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1\loch

\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
In this video, I introduce the changes to the Raven. It\u8217\'92s a unit that\u8217\'92s currently used infrequently, because Scan is often a safer alternative for revealing cloaked units or getting scouting information. In today\u8217\'92s StarCraft II, Auto-Turret is mostly a brief damage spike, and in my opinion, the Anti-Armor Missile doesn\u8217\'92t offer enough tactical options to respond to it. \u8212\'97 your main counter is to run away, and even after it lands, the counter remains to back off until the debuff expires. You can also prevent it by pulling individual units away from the army. I therefore find the level of player interaction too low. I\u8217\'92ve therefore removed the Anti-Armor Missile and added the }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
Targeting Drone}{\loch
, which also reduces armor but does so over an area and for a longer duration. The drone can be shot down, but it\u8217\'92s cloaked so it isn\u8217\'92t }{\loch
too easy}{\loch
 to counter. Units within its radius still receive the familiar red-tint indicator, and when entering the area they see the broken-shield icon. This makes the armor reduction easier to counter and challenges players to reveal and destroy the drone, while the defender is challenged to prevent that. A stationary drone fits classic mech play and, more broadly, the Terrans\u8217\'92 defensive toolkit. It pairs especially well with high\u8211\'96rate-of-fire units like Marines, Auto-Turrets, or the Cyclone in this mod. Used deliberately, the Targeting Drone can markedly increase }{\loch
the}{\loch
 damage output\u8212\'97and unlike before, the opponent can actively stop it by killing the drone. To me, that\u8217\'92s a more engaging alternative than simply retreating or accepting heavy losses.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
The }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
Auto-Turret}{\loch
 has also been removed from the Raven and moved\u8212\'97reworked\u8212\'97to the Dropship. In exchange, the }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
Hunter-Seeker Missile (HSM)}{\loch
 returns in a new variant: it deals heavy damage to a primary target, light splash to nearby units, and slows them. This is particularly helpful against Ultralisks, helps stall a fast enemy advance, and buys your army time to inflict enough damage on the Ultralisks. The HSM now begins its chase a little earlier but accelerates much more slowly. That gives players more chances to see the threat coming, dodge it, mitigate it, or steer individual units into enemy formations so they are }{\loch
also}{\loch
 affected by the HSM\u8217\'92s negative effects. In combination with the many other changes in this mod, players are given more ways to respond to HSMs. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
Interference Matrix}{\loch
 can now be cast from slightly farther away and affects a small area rather than a single unit, which makes it more effective and forces opponents not to clump units.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Ravens also receive a bit more health, more starting energy, and increased detection range. In return, they cost more gas and have reduced movement speed. I\u8217\'92ve also fixed }{\loch
an}{\loch
 issue with the }{\loch
control g}{\loch
roup }{\loch
p}{\loch
riority, and therefore the Raven now has a low}{\loch
er}{\loch
 }{\loch
control g}{\loch
roup }{\loch
p}{\loch
riority. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
All told, these changes should give the Raven a wide range of new strategic and tactical uses and make it a target that must be taken seriously.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
Alright, that\u8217\'92s it for this video about the Raven.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
So, if someone hire me as a game designer for your next RTS, it\u8217\'92s going to be amazing.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
Please test the }{\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\b0\loch
sc2YouWant}{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
 mod and provide feedback to help improve it further. }{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
\line }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
Thanks for watching \u8212\'97 more to come!}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
 }
\par }