{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Noto Sans SC;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 0;}{\f7\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052 Normal;}
{\*\cs15\snext15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b Strong;}
{\*\cs16\snext16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i Emphasis;}
{\s17\sbasedon0\snext18\rtlch\af7\afs28\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af4\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb240\sa120\keepn\ltrpar\cf0\f4\fs28\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052 \u220\'dcberschrift;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052 Body Text;}
{\s19\sbasedon18\snext19\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052 List;}
{\s20\sbasedon0\snext20\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081\ai \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb120\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\i\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052 Caption;}
{\s21\sbasedon0\snext21\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052 Verzeichnis;}
}{\*\generator LibreOffice/7.6.7.2$Windows_X86_64 LibreOffice_project/dd47e4b30cb7dab30588d6c79c651f218165e3c5}{\info{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr2025\mo10\dy19\hr19\min13}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}}{\*\userprops}\deftab709
\hyphauto1\viewscale110\formshade\paperh16838\paperw11906\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sftnnar\saftnnrlc\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
{\*\ftnsep\chftnsep}\pgndec\pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Hello Party People,\line Orange Cap here.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1\loch

\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
In this video }{\loch
I want to explain why I removed the Marauder and replaced it with the Firebat. In the RTS genre, there is probably no more fundamental and iconic difference than that between melee and ranged units. This difference is mechanically fascinating because melee units force you to fight for positioning \u8212\'97 to get close enough to deal damage \u8212\'97 and to recognize when it\u8217\'92s time to retreat.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Typically, melee units are either very tanky, allowing them to withstand ranged fire long enough to get a few hits in (like the Zealot), or they are numerous and very fast (like Zerglings). What they all have in common is that, once they are in range, they deal serious damage. This naturally creates more interaction between players and makes it crucial for both sides to choose the right moments to engage or disengage.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Up until now, especially in the bio playstyle, such a unit was missing. Blizzard tried to fill this gap with the Hellbat \u8212\'97 which is even classified as a biological unit, despite being built from a Factory and looking anything but \u8220\'93bio.\u8221\'94 The intention is clear: it\u8217\'92s supposed to be a human in a combat suit. But it never quite felt right \u8212\'97 more like a forced solution to avoid having two very similar units, one from the Barracks and one from the Factory.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
It\u8217\'92s also odd that you need to build Factories when you\u8217\'92re trying to play bio, and stranger still that the Hellbat can be healed by Medivacs (the whole reason for its biological tag) but still cannot be loaded into a Bunker. It just doesn\u8217\'92t fit together in a satisfying way.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Another reason the Firebat never made it into the Barracks lineup is that it looked too similar to the Marauder. Blizzard\u8217\'92s mission for StarCraft II was clear: the very first T1 unit should stay recognizable from Brood War, but the first T1.5 unit for each race should be brand new. That\u8217\'92s why we got Marauders instead of Firebats, Stalkers instead of Dragoons, and Roaches instead of early Hydralisks. This makes sense for a sequel \u8212\'97 you want players to instantly feel that this is a new game with fresh units.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
But when this design choice makes the gameplay worse, maybe it wasn\u8217\'92t the right call after all \u8212\'97 even if it made marketing StarCraft II easier. The game already has plenty of unique qualities that set it apart from Brood War. The Stalker, for example, is a great new addition \u8212\'97 a natural evolution of the Dragoon \u8212\'97 but the Marauder feels much less inspired. And the Roach? It\u8217\'92s a fantastic design, but one that could have worked even better later in the tech tree, where its tankiness and \u8220\'93hit-and-run\u8221\'94 style would be more impactful.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
The Marauder, in contrast, is just a kind of \u8220\'93anti-armor Marine\u8221\'94 that can\u8217\'92t even shoot air. The Stalker has Blink \u8212\'97 an incredible tool for micro \u8212\'97 and the Roach has Burrow Movement and hit-and-run potential. To make the Marauder more interesting, Blizzard gave it Concussive Shells so it could slow targets \u8212\'97 but is getting slowed really an engaging mechanic? In most cases, slows reduce micro potential rather than enhance it, and they often end up feeling frustrating or overpowered. They don\u8217\'92t encourage interaction \u8212\'97 they limit it.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
This makes the Marauder by far the least interesting of the three T1.5 units. The Firebat, on the other hand, naturally creates exciting interactions between players, as all melee units do. On top of that, it introduces a unique challenge early in the game: facing an AoE-damage unit that is tanky and must stand in the front line. This creates natural spacing between Firebats and Marines \u8212\'97 opening up new tactical possibilities instead of just producing the classic Marine-Marauder-Medivac \u8220\'93deathball.\u8221\'94}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
And we know \u8212\'97 or at least we should \u8212\'97 that we want AoE damage to be less game-ending.  Deathballs are undeniably powerful, but they also fall apart quickly to splash damage \u8212\'97 which leads to frustrating moments for both players, because a deathball either wipes out everything in seconds or gets wiped out just as fast through AoE damage. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
From an immersion standpoint, it\u8217\'92s also just plain satisfying to watch a human with a flamethrower roasting Zerglings. I\u8217\'92m sure I\u8217\'92m not the only one who enjoys that feeling. Additionally, the Firebat and the Hellion will deal less damage to each other to emphasize that both units have special armor against fire, making them work very well together.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
And for those who think this is just about bringing Brood War back \u8212\'97 it isn\u8217\'92t. I wouldn\u8217\'92t bring back the Dragoon, because from a gameplay perspective the Stalker is simply the more interesting unit. The Firebat, however, is more interesting than the Marauder \u8212\'97 and that\u8217\'92s why it deserves a comeback.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Yes, some players like the Marauder\u8217\'92s sounds, visuals, general style and more \u8212\'97 and I get that. I like those things too. But that isn\u8217\'92t enough to make it a truly engaging unit that improves player interaction }{\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\loch
and}{\loch
 immersion. A Hellbat \u8212\'97 a vehicle that transforms into a mech, can be healed like a biological unit, but can\u8217\'92t be put in a Bunker \u8212\'97 just feels too weird to really sell the fantasy. And yes, giving the Bunker back its close-range punch will make it far more impactful in gameplay. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
If I had more resources \u8212\'97 time and budget \u8212\'97 I would redesign the Marauder with new weapons to make it fit better. But choosing the Firebat is simply the easier solution right now, and unfortunately that practicality does play a role in my decision. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
I can understand the argument that this makes the races feel a bit less distinct, since now all of them have an early melee unit. But that\u8217\'92s a trade-off I\u8217\'92m willing to make \u8212\'97 some compromises are just necessary. At least the Firebat isn\u8217\'92t a true T1 unit like the Zealot or Zergling, so there\u8217\'92s still some difference left \u8212\'97 visually, mechanically with the AoE damage, and in how it feels to play. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
Alright, that\u8217\'92s it for this video about the Firebat.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
Please test the }{\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\b0\loch
sc2YouWant}{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
 mod and provide feedback to help improve it further. }{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
\line }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
Thanks for watching \u8212\'97 more to come!}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
 }
\par }