{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 0;}{\f7\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Noto Sans SC;}{\f8\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052 Normal;}
{\*\cs15\snext15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b Strong;}
{\*\cs16\snext16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i Emphasis;}
{\s17\sbasedon0\snext18\rtlch\af8\afs28\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af4\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb240\sa120\keepn\ltrpar\cf0\f4\fs28\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052 \u220\'dcberschrift;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052 Body Text;}
{\s19\sbasedon18\snext19\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052 List;}
{\s20\sbasedon0\snext20\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081\ai \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb120\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\i\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052 Caption;}
{\s21\sbasedon0\snext21\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052 Verzeichnis;}
}{\*\generator LibreOffice/7.6.7.2$Windows_X86_64 LibreOffice_project/dd47e4b30cb7dab30588d6c79c651f218165e3c5}{\info{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr2026\mo5\dy19\hr19\min26}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}}{\*\userprops}\deftab709
\hyphauto1\viewscale110\formshade\paperh16838\paperw11906\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sftnnar\saftnnrlc\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
{\*\ftnsep\chftnsep}\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af5\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af5\loch
008_CommandCenter, Lift Off}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af5\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af5
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Today I want to talk about the Command Center, its upgrades, and the lift-off ability of Terran structures.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
The Command Center and its upgrades have a couple of issues. In the late game, players often build a large number of Orbital Commands in order to scan the map almost continuously. This creates an issue because the opponent cannot really prevent it. In theory, they could destroy a critical number of Orbital Commands, but if the game has reached that stage, the match is usually already decided anyway. On top of that, the Mule makes the Orbital Command pay for itself very quickly. Since the Mule gathers minerals very fast and the upgrade requires no vespen gas. As a result, building at least some Orbital Commands is less of a choice and more of an obligation. In contrast, relying only on Planetary Fortresses is by far the weaker option. The Orbital Command is simply stronger, even though the Planetary Fortress Upgrade actually costs more resources.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
To address this, the upgrade to Orbital Command now costs the same resources and time as the upgrade to Planetary Fortress. Scans also consume more energy than before. Calldown: Mule and Calldown: Extra Supplies have been removed, and instead a new ability has been introduced: Calldown: Construction Drone. The Construction Drone can be summoned anywhere you have vision. It lasts for a few minutes, it can fly, and it is able to build all the structures an SCV can. On top of that, it can repair buildings and mechanical units for free. The idea is that SCVs no longer have to spend as much time building and repairing, and can continue harvesting resources instead. Because the drone can also build and repair Supply Depots, the old Extra Supplies ability would have overlapped too much and in practice it was hardly ever used. And when it was, it was more for its newer ability to instantly give Supply Depots extra health rather than for the additional supply itself. But these two purposes actually contradict each other. If you want to save a Depot, the extra health can help, but if the Depot still goes down, you actually end up losing even more supply. In the positive case, this mechanic makes a comeback more possible, but in the negative case it makes a comeback less possible. Good abilities, however, are those that don\u8217\'92t punish the player: they shouldn\u8217\'92t make things worse in the negative case, but they should open up opportunities for comebacks in the positive case. The punishment is already there in the form of the investment into units and buildings, the energy cost, and the time the player puts in to get that ability. There\u8217\'92s no need for an additional punishment mechanic that makes comebacks less likely.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
The new Construction Drone is far less vulnerable while building or repairing than regular SCVs, thanks to its ability to fly. And because it can be called down anywhere with vision, Terran players now have a highly flexible tool to quickly set up forward outposts or repair units on the battlefield without pulling workers away from the mineral line. This is designed to support a variety of playstyles, from slowly advancing across the map with defensive outposts, to establishing aggressive hidden bases behind enemy lines. It also provides the possibility of recovering faster if a base is destroyed. We want more strategies and comebacks, and these changes make that possible. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
The Planetary Fortress has been adjusted as well. It now deals much more damage against armored units, less against unarmored units, and its attack range has been slightly increased. In addition, it can now produce SCVs two at a time, just like structures equipped with a Reactor. With these changes, Orbital Commands and Planetary Fortresses are now equally appealing from an economic standpoint, but each brings its own distinct advantages. The Orbital Command lends itself more to offensive strategies, while the Planetary Fortress is better suited for defensive play.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
The lift-off ability of Terran buildings also create one issue. It allows Terrans to reach islands or otherwise inaccessible high ground much earlier than other races. This heavily restricts map design, because many types of layouts would become unbalanced if Terrans were the only ones able to expand to such locations so early. To fix this, lifting off now requires an upgrade that can be researched at the Engineering Bay. At the same time, Overlord\u8217\'92s Ventral Sacs mutation now requires an Evolution Chamber instead of a Lair. For Protoss, Warp Prisms can now be produced directly at the Nexus as soon as a Cybernetics Core is complete. These adjustments put all three races on roughly the same timeline when it comes to reaching islands or other hard-to-access expansions. That makes it possible to design maps where players start on islands or where nearby but hard-to-reach resources exist. Now every race can reach them at roughly the same time. The tradeoff is that Terrans can no longer swap add-ons between structures quite as early as before. That affects existing builds, but with all the changes in the mod, no build is the same as before anyway. In order to increase variety in both map design and strategy, compromises like this are necessary. The goal isn\u8217\'92t to preserve all the old builds, but to create a framework where far more builds are possible than before. Some will disappear, but even more will emerge. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Altogether, these changes open the door for much greater diversity in playable maps and in strategic approaches.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af5\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af5\loch
009_Addons}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af5\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af5
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
In this video, I\u8217\'92ll be presenting the changes made to Addons.\line Addons can now be sold when they are not attached to a structure. The Tech Lab in particular has been made more expensive and takes longer to build. This change is meant to prevent Tech Labs from being mass-produced too easily and to make their destruction a more significant setback. As a result, the Tech Lab becomes a more valuable target for the opponent and, at the same time, something Terran players need to protect more carefully.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
The units that require a Tech Lab are the Firebat, Medic, Ghost, Siege Tank, Thor, Raven, and Battlecruiser. The other 9 combat units can be produced in pairs from a Reactor, with some of them requiring additional tech structures such as an Engineering Bay or an Armory. Because Addons can now be sold, relocating a base becomes easier, which in turn increases the chances of making a comeback.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af5\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af5\loch
010_Barrier}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af5\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af5
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
In today\u8217\'92s video, we\u8217\'92ll be looking at the Terrans\u8217\'92 new building, the Barrier.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
The Barrier is very cheap, can be built quickly by an SCV, is quite durable, and can even be sold. Making bases at arbitrary locations harder to access increases map diversity, since you\u8217\'92re no longer reliant on naturally existing chokepoints. Natural barriers are convenient, especially if they are indestructible, but they are by no means necessary on every map, which massively expands what\u8217\'92s possible in map design.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
It\u8217\'92s often argued that narrow ramps and chokepoints near bases, particularly the first few bases, are crucial for StarCraft 2\u8217\'92s balance. But this overlooks the fact that StarCraft 2 has gone through many significant redesigns over the course of its expansions and patches. There isn\u8217\'92t just one \u8220\'93correct\u8221\'94 balance; there have been many different balance states that were all considered fair. This shows that it\u8217\'92s entirely possible to have a balanced game state even on maps without a single choke point. And this doesn\u8217\'92t even require major changes.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
When you look at why chokepoints were considered necessary early in the game\u8217\'92s history, the conclusion is that there were only a few strategies that really demanded them, for example, early Zergling, Marine, or Zealot rushes. The problem was that there weren\u8217\'92t effective units or structures to defend against these units that couldn\u8217\'92t also be abused for strong rushes themselves. Through my mod, all three races have received defensive tools, or had existing ones strengthened, without becoming overly powerful offensively. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
The Barrier is therefore one of these tools to protect workers against early rush strategies. The flip side of this is that it has become significantly harder to end the game quickly with an early rush. Some may dislike this, but I believe most players and viewers didn\u8217\'92t find games ending early because of minor walling mistakes all that entertaining anyway.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
And it\u8217\'92s still possible to win with an early rush, it\u8217\'92s just much harder now, which means that when a player does manage it, it feels like something special and a real display of skill. Until that happens, we\u8217\'92d probably rather watch and play games that last longer than seven minutes, with lots of exciting moments, comeback potential, and several shifts in who looks likely to win.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Those are the kinds of matches we really want to see and play.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af5\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af5\loch
020_Bunker}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af5\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af5
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
In today\u8217\'92s video, we\u8217\'92ll be looking at the Bunker.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Bunkers have not only had their hit points doubled but also received a small additional health boost, and garrisoned units now gain +2 range instead of +1. In addition, they can now be individually upgraded into Neosteel Bunkers. Neosteel Bunkers have even more hit points and provide 8 cargo slots instead of 6.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Thanks to units like the Firebat, the Reaper\u8217\'92s new weapon, and the reworked Ghost weapon (which now has, among other things, increased range), Bunkers have more diverse uses and let you prepare more effectively for a variety of enemy armies.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
With the Construction Drone, they can also be built more easily at any location where you have vision, without needing to bring an SCV along.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af5\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af5\loch
030+040_Missile Turret and Sensor Tower}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af5\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af5
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Today, I want to talk about the Missile Turret and the Sensor Tower.\line The Missile Turret can no longer detect cloaked or burrowed units, but it can now be sold. Instead, the Sensor Tower takes over the detection role, can reveal cloaked units in a larger radius than the Missile Turret did before, and can also be sold.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
This change creates a clearer distinction between the races and gives the Sensor Tower a much more meaningful purpose. In the past, it was difficult to balance because it didn\u8217\'92t have many attractive uses. The Missile Turret, on the other hand, was already a very strong defensive structure even without detection, and its low cost meant Terran players could build plenty of them.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
In my opinion, this made the Missile Turret too strong, opponents had to destroy too many just to deny vision, which made it almost impossible for Terrans to ever lose detection in their own base or be forced to spend a Scan defensively.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
With this change, attacking players now have more creative opportunities, and defending Terran players will have to think more carefully about how to cover every threat. This extra layer of planning fits perfectly with the Terran playstyle, slowly expanding their defensive line and building different structures as they push forward. And once a Terran defense is fully set up, it becomes even harder to break through, especially with the improved detection radius of the Sensor Tower.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
And the ability to sell Missile Turrets and Sensor Towers gives Terran players even more flexibility, letting them relocate their entire base more efficiently if they ever need to.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1\loch

\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af5\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af5\loch
050_Marine}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af5\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af5
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Today I want to talk about the Marine in my mod }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
sc2YouWant}{\loch
.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Aside from the standard changes that affect most units, such as reduced damage, reduced vision range, and increased health - the Marine has also been given a larger spacing to nearby units. This change means that groups of Marines not only take less area-of-effect damage, but also visually overlap less with each other. This makes them look more authentic and has the added benefit of making armies appear larger. There are also a few other units that received similar changes for the same reasons.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Humans are generally unable to accurately gauge the size of an army within just a few seconds. What matters is the }{\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\loch
impression}{\loch
 an army gives. That\u8217\'92s why Blizzard, when first showcasing the Zerg, intentionally gave Zerglings wide spacing: it made their armies look bigger, more threatening and much cooler. This contributes to a better sense of immersion.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
The reduced sight range, especially for Terran units, makes the world feel more dangerous, Things are generally less threatening when you can see them from far away. Night would also feel far less scary if you had a flashlight as bright as the sun that could turn night into day. But with a flashlight that doesn\u8217\'92t shine as far or as bright, the night feels more threatening. For the same reason, immersion is affected when dangers only become visible later. It also makes scouting more important, which in turn increases the value of certain units and abilities. It also adds another layer of depth to the game: sight range becomes a factor that distinguishes units from one another. For example, the Ghost has a big sight range, which is another reason to add it to your army. A Ghost grants your army extra security, making it feel stronger not just mechanically but thematically as well.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
This shows how important it is to create weaknesses, such as limited sight range, so that other units can shine in more ways than just dealing high damage or having a lot of health. The same principle is behind giving units different attributes like }{\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\loch
Light}{\loch
 or }{\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\loch
Armored}{\loch
. Without such distinctions, there would be far less room to make units unique, and the game would be less strategic overall.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
That\u8217\'92s why it\u8217\'92s crucial in an RTS to introduce limitations, they create design space that allows for meaningful, interesting differences between units.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af5\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af5\loch
060_Firebat}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af5\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af5
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
In this video I want to explain why I removed the Marauder and replaced it with the Firebat. In the RTS genre, there is probably no more fundamental and iconic difference than that between melee and ranged units. This difference is mechanically fascinating because melee units force you to fight for positioning, to get close enough to deal damage, and to recognize when it\u8217\'92s time to retreat.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Typically, melee units are either very tanky, allowing them to withstand ranged fire long enough to get a few hits in (like the Zealot), or they are numerous and very fast (like Zerglings). What they all have in common is that, once they are in range, they deal serious damage. This naturally creates more interaction between players and makes it crucial for both sides to choose the right moments to engage or disengage.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Up until now, especially in the bio playstyle, such a unit was missing. Blizzard tried to fill this gap with the Hellbat, which is even classified as a biological unit, despite being built from a Factory and looking anything but \u8220\'93bio.\u8221\'94 The intention is clear: it\u8217\'92s supposed to be a human in a combat suit. But it never quite felt right, more like a forced solution to avoid having two very similar units, one from the Barracks and one from the Factory.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
It\u8217\'92s also odd that you need to build Factories when you\u8217\'92re trying to play bio, and stranger still that the Hellbat can be healed by Medivacs (the whole reason for its biological tag) but still cannot be loaded into a Bunker. It just doesn\u8217\'92t fit together in a satisfying way.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Another reason the Firebat never made it into the Barracks lineup is that it looked too similar to the Marauder. Blizzard\u8217\'92s mission for StarCraft II was clear: the very first T1 unit should stay recognizable from Brood War, but the first T1.5 unit for each race should be brand new. That\u8217\'92s why we got Marauders instead of Firebats, Stalkers instead of Dragoons, and Roaches instead of early Hydralisks. This makes sense for a sequel, you want players to instantly feel that this is a new game with fresh units.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
But when this design choice makes the gameplay worse, maybe it wasn\u8217\'92t the right call after all, even if it made marketing StarCraft II easier. The game already has plenty of unique qualities that set it apart from Brood War. The Stalker, for example, is a great new addition, a natural evolution of the Dragoon, but the Marauder feels much less inspired. And the Roach? It\u8217\'92s a fantastic design, but one that could have worked even better later in the tech tree, where its tankiness and \u8220\'93hit-and-run\u8221\'94 style would be more impactful.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
The Marauder, in contrast, is just a kind of \u8220\'93anti-armor Marine\u8221\'94 that can\u8217\'92t even shoot air. The Stalker has Blink, an incredible tool for micro, and the Roach has Burrow Movement and hit-and-run potential. To make the Marauder more interesting, Blizzard gave it Concussive Shells so it could slow targets, but is getting slowed really an engaging mechanic? In most cases, slows reduce micro potential rather than enhance it, and they often end up feeling frustrating or overpowered. They don\u8217\'92t encourage interaction, they limit it.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
This makes the Marauder by far the least interesting of the three T1.5 units. The Firebat, on the other hand, naturally creates exciting interactions between players, as all melee units do. On top of that, it introduces a unique challenge early in the game: facing an AoE-damage unit that is tanky and must stand in the front line. This creates natural spacing between Firebats and Marines, opening up new tactical possibilities instead of just producing the classic Marine-Marauder-Medivac \u8220\'93deathball.\u8221\'94}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
And we know, or at least we should, that we want AoE damage to be less game-ending. Deathballs are undeniably powerful, but they also fall apart quickly to splash damage, which leads to frustrating moments for both players, because a deathball either wipes out everything in seconds or gets wiped out just as fast through AoE damage. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
From an immersion standpoint, it\u8217\'92s also just plain satisfying to watch a human with a flamethrower roasting Zerglings. I\u8217\'92m sure I\u8217\'92m not the only one who enjoys that feeling. Additionally, the Firebat and the Hellion will deal less damage to each other to emphasize that both units have special armor against fire, making them work very well together.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
And for those who think this is just about bringing Brood War back, it isn\u8217\'92t. I wouldn\u8217\'92t bring back the Dragoon, because from a gameplay perspective the Stalker is simply the more interesting unit. The Firebat, however, is more interesting than the Marauder, and that\u8217\'92s why it deserves a comeback.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Yes, some players like the Marauder\u8217\'92s sounds, visuals, general style and more, and I get that. I like those things too. But that isn\u8217\'92t enough to make it a truly engaging unit that improves player interaction }{\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\loch
and}{\loch
 immersion. A Hellbat, a vehicle that transforms into a mech, can be healed like a biological unit, but can\u8217\'92t be put in a Bunker, just feels too weird to really sell the fantasy. And yes, giving the Bunker back its close-range punch will make it far more impactful in gameplay. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
If I had more resources, time and budget, I would redesign the Marauder with new weapons to make it fit better. But choosing the Firebat is simply the easier solution right now, and unfortunately that practicality does play a role in my decision. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
I can understand the argument that this makes the races feel a bit less distinct, since now all of them have an early melee unit. But that\u8217\'92s a trade-off I\u8217\'92m willing to make, some compromises are just necessary. At least the Firebat isn\u8217\'92t a true T1 unit like the Zealot or Zergling, so there\u8217\'92s still some difference left, visually, mechanically with the AoE damage, and in how it feels to play. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af5\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af5\loch
070_Medic}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af5\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af5
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Today I want to talk about why the Medic is back and why the Medivac has been replaced with the Drop Ship. I\u8217\'92ll cover what exactly the new Drop Ship can do in a future video, but first we need to take a closer look at why the Medivac had to go.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
My personal theory is that the Medivac was originally added mainly to synergize with Reapers, but that combination is rarely seen anymore, especially now that Reapers have their own self-healing. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
The main problem with the Medivac is that, because it\u8217\'92s a flying unit, it has far fewer counters. Most units can attack ground targets, but only a subset can hit air. When you combine that with the Medivac\u8217\'92s high mobility and its ability to heal bio-units, you end up with a support unit that is extremely hard, and in some situations impossible, to counter.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
This had two major consequences. First, it forced opponents into fewer viable unit compositions since they had to pick whatever could reliably deal with Medivacs. Second, it restricted your own compositions as well, because the Medivac never fit very well with mech-based builds.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Replacing the Medivac with the Medic opens up far more strategic options for both sides. Additionally, this makes the dynamics on the battlefield more varied and diverse. One example of this is that players now have to decide whether to focus on the Drop Ships to prevent the enemy from escaping too easily, or go after the Medics to cut down their healing and other support abilities in order to drive the enemy army into retreat. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
The Medic doesn\u8217\'92t just heal, it can also use Stim, which allows it to move faster and heal at an increased rate. It has the ability to give a temporary shield to any non-massive unit, letting you keep crucial targets alive even under focus fire. This also encourages opponents to switch targets, adding another layer of player interaction and decision-making.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
On top of that, the Medic can temporarily detect burrowed and cloaked units, which is especially useful early in the game for dealing with creep, particularly after the Scan nerf. All of this makes the Medic a compelling support unit, strong in bio compositions but also viable in mech play, while still leaving your opponent with plenty of possible counters and responses.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af5\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af5\loch
080_Reaper}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af5\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af5
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Today I\u8217\'92m presenting the Reaper changes.\line The Reaper is usually a unit you only see at the very start of a match, good for some early-game harassment and buying time. After that, it quickly becomes too weak to make a real impact. It doesn\u8217\'92t synergize particularly well with other units or even with a bunker. Marines already cover most situations except when facing armored units, and Marauders are the perfect answer for those, acting as durable front-liners to shield the Marines. In comparison, the Reaper\u8217\'92s ability feels underwhelming in the mid-to-late game, especially considering the micro you need to invest. There are simply better abilities available, like the Ghost\u8217\'92s Snipe and EMP. And frankly, two little pistols that only shoot ground units are neither exciting nor efficient, Marines are cheaper and simply better in almost every way.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
That\u8217\'92s what I wanted to change.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Now, the Reaper\u8217\'92s standard attack is a grenade that explodes after a short delay, dealing heavy splash damage to armored units. These grenades are thrown automatically with a range of 6, but they can also be manually targeted anywhere on the battlefield for skilled micro play. Since Firebats have replaced Marauders in this mod, there\u8217\'92s no longer a reliable ranged counter to armored units in the barracks, and this is exactly where the Reaper comes in.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
The whole match the Reaper\u8217\'92s effectiveness now scales better with the player\u8217\'92s micro skill: the better you are, the more value you get out of them, but a skilled opponent can also shut them down. This creates more player interaction and makes Reapers a genuinely exciting part of the mid and late game. Their bonus damage to armored targets also applies to buildings, so if you manage to sneak them into the enemy base, they can quickly demolish key structures. This keeps them relevant even in the later stages of the match and allows players to constantly pressure defenses without always relying on drop ships. I removed the Reaper\u8217\'92s automatic life regeneration since the Medic already provides an early option to heal bio units. Reapers are also fast enough to retreat back to their base for safe healing and then put pressure on the opponent again. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
In a bio army, Reapers are now a meaningful complement against massed armored units like Stalkers or Roaches and force the opponent to micro. They even throw grenades from inside bunkers, turning bunkers into a serious threat for armored units, especially if the enemy doesn\u8217\'92t micro carefully. Reapers require an Engineering Bay and their cliff-jumping ability has to be researched in the Techlab.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Reapers now partially replace the Marauder\u8217\'92s role but are far less tanky, making them best used alongside Medics. They\u8217\'92re not really an \u8220\'93A-move\u8221\'94 unit, except when attacking buildings, but they have far higher potential in the hands of a skilled player.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af5\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af5\loch
090_Ghost}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af5\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af5
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1\widctlpar\fi0\li0\lin0\ri0\rin0{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
Today I\u8217\'92m going to present the changes made to the Ghost.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1\widctlpar\fi0\li0\lin0\ri0\rin0{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
The Ghost has a very powerful ability against Protoss with EMP, which is extremely hard to react to. Additionally, with Snipe, the Ghost currently has a very strong tool against Zerg, which is also difficult to react to.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1\widctlpar\fi0\li0\lin0\ri0\rin0{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
On top of that, the Nuke ability is rarely used, and bio armies generally don\u8217\'92t have much to counter flying massive units, since the Marine is the only Barracks unit besides the Ghost that can attack air. Considering the Marine's relatively short range compared to Brood Lord, Tempest, and Colossus, it\u8217\'92s often hard to deal with such units effectively. Additionally, the Ghost is almost exclusively used for its abilities, while its basic attack, even in combination with Cloak, is rarely utilized on its own. In addition, with a lower skill level, it\u8217\'92s also harder to use Snipe effectively compared to auto attacks, which just happen automatically. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1\widctlpar\fi0\li0\lin0\ri0\rin0{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
That\u8217\'92s why I decided to make the Ghost\u8217\'92s standard weapon more effective in general and especially against massive units. It now deals bonus damage to massive and biological units instead to light units, and its range has been increased to 9. Combined with its Cloak ability, the Ghost should now function well against more units and especially against massive and biological units. From an immersion standpoint, this also fits nicely, the Ghost is a sniper, and the increased range reflects that more clearly in gameplay. And the bonus damage against massive units can be explained by the idea that the Ghost is able to precisely target the vulnerable spots of large units.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1\widctlpar\fi0\li0\lin0\ri0\rin0{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
As part of this change, I\u8217\'92ve removed the Snipe ability. It was too focused on countering Zerg and was very difficult to react to. Now, Ghosts have to attack an unit over a longer period of time to achieve the same amount of damage, Snipe would have done instantly. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1\widctlpar\fi0\li0\lin0\ri0\rin0{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
To make EMP more interesting and easier to react to, the Ghost now channels for 2 seconds before firing EMP at the target location. This gives opponents a window to recognize the cast and move their units out of the affected area. In addition, EMP disables detection from units for 15 seconds. Buildings and burrowed units are not affected. The affected units are Medics with Med Scanner active, Ravens, Overseers, Changelings, and Observers. (Yes, Medics have a detection ability, and Changelings can also detect burrowed and cloaked units within a short range.) EMP no longer drains energy from burrowed units, but it instantly removes Defensive Matrix. EMP also reduces shields proportionally to increased HP and shield values. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1\widctlpar\fi0\li0\lin0\ri0\rin0{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
Lastly, to make Nukes a more viable option, their build time has been significantly reduced, the impact delay slightly shortened, and their overall damage has been increased.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1\widctlpar\fi0\li0\lin0\ri0\rin0{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
Now, with all these changes, Ghosts have the tools to be effective in more situations, while opponents have more opportunities to avoid taking heavy damage immediately.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af5\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af5\loch
100_Widow Mine}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af5\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af5
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
In this video, I\u8217\'92m presenting the change to the Widow Mine.\line }{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
\line The Widow Mine can cause many workers or armies to die largely with a single shot. I think this leads to a game ending too quickly, and I believe it should take several good Widow Mine shots before an opponent loses a critical number of workers and/or combat units. Therefore, I have reduced the Widow Mine\u8217\'92s damage and splash damage area so that, apart from the primary target, workers no longer die from a single shot, but Banelings still do. The primary target now takes more damage than before, making the Widow Mine more effective against units with moderately higher HP, such as Stalkers or Roaches. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
The upgrade }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
Drilling Claws}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
 no longer makes the Widow Mine reload faster or remain cloaked while reloading, because now it stays cloaked while burrowed even without Drilling Claws. Instead, Drilling Claws increases the Widow Mine\u8217\'92s movement speed, and the difference in burrow and unburrow speed between Widow Mines with and without the upgrade is now even greater. In addition the cargo space of Widow Mines is reduced to 1. The idea behind these changes is that mines can be spread across the map more easily, and if they are detected, they can also be rescued more easily.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
In addition, the burrowed Widow Mine now takes }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
50% less damage}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
, like all burrowed units, so that it can be saved more effectively when revealed. Without the upgrade, the Widow Mine is better suited for }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
defensive use}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
, since it is quite slow and must be placed smartly in advance. With the upgrade, it is also good for }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\loch
offensive play and map control}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
. Combined with other fast units, it can be used very effectively to lure enemy units into the Widow Mine.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
Widow Mines are now cheaper and require less supply, but unlike most other units, they did not receive an increase in HP. Compared to other units in this mod, they can be destroyed more quickly, but compared to the original StarCraft 2, that is not the case. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af5\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af5\loch
110_Hellion}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af5\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af5
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
In this video, I present the changes to the Hellion. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
The Hellion has an attack that hits multiple units in a line extending from the Hellion. This mechanic is very cool because it allows the unit\u8217\'92s efficiency to increase if you move in very close, ideally into melee range, to enemy troops in order to hit as many units as possible. However, this mechanic works much worse when the unit has low HP. The result is that the unit often only gets to fire once or twice, if at all, before dying.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
If you only fight with the unit from maximum range, you can minimize incoming damage, but its weapon then behaves like a normal single-target weapon (similar to a Marine or Hydralisk), which means the positive effect of this mechanic rarely comes into play, except perhaps against workers. And the lower the skill level, the harder it is to make use of, since it requires at least a certain amount of micro skill to get value out of the Hellion.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
With the Firebat, for example, it\u8217\'92s better designed: the Firebat has a lot of HP, even though its range is much shorter. Since the Hellion\u8217\'92s mechanic works best when it behaves like a melee unit, the Hellion would either need as much HP as a melee unit, or (like Zerglings) be mass-producible and cost-efficient enough that losing 10 of them wouldn\u8217\'92t matter. Neither solution really fits the Terran or the Hellion, for gameplay and visual reasons.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Therefore, I have given the Hellion a new weapon that throws incendiary grenades, which set an area on fire for a few seconds and deal damage over time and only little damage against the Hellion and Firebat. This allows the Hellion to zone a little, force the opponent to micro, harass worker lines more effectively, and deal damage without constantly being in the enemy\u8217\'92s attack range. It also makes the Hellion more useful in the mid and late game and enables new unit combinations.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Its old weapon, as mentioned, fits much better on units with more HP, where the mechanic could be fully realized, giving beginners a clear benefit and becoming increasingly effective with higher skill levels, especially when the unit can be repaired after hit-and-run engagements. Additionally, the Hellion takes less damage from Firebats to emphasize that both the Firebat and the Hellion have special armor against fire, making them work very well in combination.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
The new weapon is less effective the better the opponent micros, but that\u8217\'92s intentional, and it automatically makes the Hellion better against less mobile units. The transformation into the Hellbat no longer exists, since that role is now taken over by the Firebat.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af5\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af5\loch
120_Viking}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af5\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af5
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
In this video, I present the changes to the Viking. In the Starport, the Viking primarily serves as an anti-air unit, and its ability to land also occasionally makes it a good worker harassment unit. Currently, the Viking must come to a complete stop in order to transform between ground and air mode. As a result, the controls for the Viking feel somewhat clunky for the player, making it harder to use the transformation ability efficiently. This not only makes the unit less fun to play, but also prevents players of lower skill levels from making use of this option at all.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Additionally, the Viking is not particularly durable, which sometimes means that Vikings die during transformation before they can accomplish anything. Since the Viking also cannot attack air units in ground mode, players are often forced to constantly transform it back and forth in battle, which increases the time during which it deals no damage. This in turn raises the micro skill requirement to use the Viking effectively. As a result, the Viking\u8217\'92s transformation is used less frequently by players of lower skill levels.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
On top of that, Terran lacks early, effective anti-air units in the Factory tech path. Currently, players must rely on the Cyclone, which has also been redesigned in this mod, but the Viking, with its transformation and flying ability, is a much better fit for this role. Blizzard\u8217\'92s main reason was probably that the Viking would otherwise be too similar to the Goliath. But I don\u8217\'92t think that\u8217\'92s a sufficient reason, especially since the Goliath cannot be built in standard multiplayer anyway. The Viking is a clever evolution of the Goliath, so it makes little sense to give it a completely different role just to make StarCraft 2 feel \u8220\'93newer.\u8221\'94}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
I believe that gameplay and fun should be more important than making the game feel new at any cost, particularly when it involves shifting units around in the tech tree. Similar things have happened to other units, like the Hydralisk. What has proven itself and has no clearly superior alternative should remain unchanged. After all, we players don\u8217\'92t want the game to just feel new, we want the gameplay to be more fun. And that is exactly what you will notice in many places in the }{\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\loch
sc2YouWant}{\loch
 mod through the many new possibilities it offers.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
To make the Viking more fun in this regard, it can now transform between ground and air mode while moving, moves faster in air mode, and transforms more quickly, making the transformation smoother, more responsive, and more enjoyable to use. In addition, the Viking now has more durability and can attack air units even in ground mode. Finally, the Viking is now built in the Factory instead of the Starport, and the ability to transform into air mode must be researched. This makes the Viking a solid mech unit that can also be used effectively for harassment.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af5\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af5\loch
130_Siege Tank}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af5\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af5
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\dbch\af7\loch
In today\u8217\'92s video, I present the changes to the Siege Tank. The Siege Tank is the core of mech play, which is characterized by slowly pushing forward and forcing the opponent to act and break the siege. This threat has become less significant in StarCraft 2 due to the introduction of many new units and abilities that are well-suited to breaking such a siege. Examples include Blink Stalkers, Immortals, Disruptors, Tempests, Burrowed Roaches, Swarm Hosts, Vipers, etc. Overall, the Siege Tank has become easier to counter, but at the same time its improved movement AI, faster transformation time, and quicker firing rate give the opponent less time to react to a siege before game-ending damage can be dealt.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\dbch\af7\loch
Additionally, we rarely see Siege Tanks fight in their mobile mode because they cannot withstand enough punishment there to deal efficient damage over their lifespan in battle, especially when compared to their resource and supply cost.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\dbch\af7\loch
Therefore, I have given Siege Tanks more HP, a little more range, and more damage. In return, the radius around the Siege Tank in which it cannot attack has been slightly increased, its attack speed slowed down, and its transformation time made longer.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\dbch\af7\loch
This gives players better opportunities to respond to sieges, while at the same time making sieges stronger once they are established. As a result, Terran mech play becomes somewhat slower, as intended, and opponents have a bit more time and space between tank volleys to use micro to gain an advantage.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1\dbch\af7\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af5\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af5\loch
140_Cyclone}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af5\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af5
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s19\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\dbch\af7\loch
In this video, I present the changes to the Cyclone. Since the Viking now takes over the anti-air role of the Cyclone, I believe the Cyclone needs another role in addition to its ability to effectively counter armored units.}
\par \pard\plain \s19\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\dbch\af7\loch
I feel that the game lacks an alternative to the Siege Tank\u8217\'92s ability to lay siege and apply pressure, something more mobile and that scales better with micro skill. I also wanted another unit with a high rate of fire, so that abilities with low damage reduction per shot, or those that reduce armor, could bring more unit combinations and counterplay options into the game.}
\par \pard\plain \s19\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\dbch\af7\loch
Therefore, the Cyclone no longer has }{\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\dbch\af7\loch
Lock On}{\dbch\af7\loch
. Instead, the Cyclone\u8217\'92s standard weapon automatically locks onto units. After a several-second delay, the Cyclone now fires at a high attack speed over a long period of time at the locked target, revealing it in the fog of war. During this time, the Cyclone can move freely, and the ability only ends if the target and the Cyclone move very far apart. Every new target triggers a new several-second delay before the Cyclone begins firing.}
\par \pard\plain \s19\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\dbch\af7\loch
In addition, the Cyclone now requires an Armory, can be double produced from a Reactor and has }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\dbch\af7\loch
Cloak}{\dbch\af7\loch
which can be unlocked via an upgrade in the Tech Lab. This makes the Cyclone a more mobile siege unit that, thanks to Cloak, is also well suited in smaller numbers to apply pressure to the opponent and destroy key buildings and defensive structures. Thanks to its speed and its weapon\u8217\'92s ability to fire while moving, it\u8217\'92s also excellent at chasing down units and establishing map control.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af5\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af5\loch
150_Thor}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af5\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af5
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\dbch\af7\loch
In this video, I present the changes made to the Thor. \line \line To further emphasize Thor\u8217\'92s strengths and weaknesses, I\u8217\'92ve increased its HP and strengthened all of its weapons by increasing their range and/or damage output. I\u8217\'92ve also removed the Explosive Payload weapon, so the Thor can now only attack air units with its High Impact Payload weapon. This weapon has been reworked to perform well against groups of units, whether they are light or armored. Additionally, the Thor becomes significantly slower while High Impact Payload is active. This gives the two modes a much clearer distinction. \line \line As a result, the Thor is now even better suited to protecting Siege Tanks from air attacks, Immortals, or Ultralisks, as well as breaking through fortified positions.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af5\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af5\loch
160_Dropship}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af5\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af5
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\dbch\af7\loch
In the video about the Medic, I already explained why the Medivac was replaced by the Dropship.\line For those who haven\u8217\'92t seen it yet, I recommend watching it first to better understand why the Medivac brings more disadvantages than advantages to gameplay. The Medivac is a very strong and }{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\dbch\af7\loch
therefore very popular unit, but the strength of one race automatically becomes the weakness of the others, and that\u8217\'92s the core problem. Because the Medivac has too few counters, it\u8217\'92s such a powerful unit that if you\u8217\'92re playing Bio, it\u8217\'92s not only unwise not to build it, but also unwise to choose any other unit in its place. This not only limits your opponent\u8217\'92s options, but also your own when it comes to unit and strategy choices.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
To bring the strategic options more into balance,}{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
 I s}{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\dbch\af7\loch
plit the Medivac into the Medic and the Dropship, giving both units abilities that are useful in Bio as well as in Mech play. This way, both playstyles can be similarly strong, while also opening the door to many more hybrid strategies.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\dbch\af7\loch
Therefore the Dropship cannot heal Bio units, but instead it can deploy Auto-Turrets through a cooldown ability. These turrets last for several minutes, can detect cloaked units, and, on top of the standard HP boost, have significantly more health. Since there\u8217\'92s no Factory unit that can detect burrowed or cloaked enemies, I wanted to provide an option at the Starport that comes online earlier than the Raven. While this option isn\u8217\'92t as mobile as the Raven, it fits perfectly with the Mech strategy of advancing slowly but becoming very strong defensively. Even in Bio play, the Auto-Turret is valuable for securing new outposts, holding existing ones, or harassing worker lines.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\dbch\af7\loch
The Dropship also has }{\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\dbch\af7\loch
Ignite Afterburners}{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\dbch\af7\loch
 as its second cooldown ability, allowing it to escape dangerous situations or quickly dive into an enemy base.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\dbch\af7\loch
Altogether, the Dropship becomes a strong addition to both Bio and Mech strategies. The deployable Auto-Turret not only enables worker }{\dbch\af7\loch
harassment without other units inside the Dropship but also provides an independent way to establish map control.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af5\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af5\loch
170_Banshee}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af5\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af5
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\dbch\af7\loch
In this video, I present the changes made to the Banshee. I have the impression that the Banshee was given no anti-air capability, mainly to keep it distinct from the Wraith and to provide more unit variety and decision-making in the campaign. While this may benefit the campaign and highlight StarCraft 2 as something fresh and different, it has, in my view, negative consequences for classic multiplayer gameplay.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\dbch\af7\loch
For example, if the Banshee at least had some way to fight back against air units, players would have the choice of retreating or engaging in an air battle that they might still be able to win. In StarCraft 2, with the various armor types, cloak/detection mechanics, attack speeds, Guardian Shield, and many other layers of complexity, there are already plenty of ways to differentiate units and create a natural need for diverse unit combinations. This means it isn\u8217\'92t strictly necessary to restrict so many units from attacking ground or air. It feels like a sledgehammer approach that forces sharp differences and knocks do}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af7\loch
wn a lot of other options}{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\b0\dbch\af7\loch
.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\dbch\af7\loch
In this mod, the Viking has been moved to the Factory, which leaves the Starport without an early dedicated anti-air option. That\u8217\'92s why I decided to give the Banshee the ability to target air units as well. It\u8217\'92s difficult to prove mathematically whether this leads to more varied unit compositions, but my intuition tells me it does. And since the Viking is no longer available at the Starport, there\u8217\'92s an additional and perhaps stronger justification for this change. Moreover, with more tools available to reveal cloaked units, opponents also have more ways to counter invisible Banshees.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\dbch\af7\loch
On top of that, the Banshee in my mod deals higher damage against armored targets, lower damage against unarmored ones, and has a reduced attack range.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\dbch\af7\loch
Overall, the Banshee becomes an effective counter-unit against armored targets, whether ground or air, while still retaining the ability to pressure all targets through its cloak until detection is available. From my perspective, this creates more action, reaction dynamics and thus more meaningful player interaction.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af5\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af5\loch
180_Liberator}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af5\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af5
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
In this video, I present the changes to the Liberator. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
The Liberator now requires an Armory. At its core, I\u8217\'92ve strengthened its roles by slightly increasing its damage against air units. I\u8217\'92ve also enlarged the area in which it deals damage to air targets. In addition, its ground attack can now target structures, although it deals significantly reduced damage to them.\line In general, I\u8217\'92m not a fan of giving units absolutely no way to defend themselves against certain types of units or structures. Used sparingly, such drastic distinctions can be a good thing, but making them ubiquitous isn\u8217\'92t a great idea.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
A similar principle underpins the design of the races. Zerg, for example, are known for attacking with lots of inexpensive units that don\u8217\'92t take much damage individually but can overwhelm you through sheer numbers. Within that identity, there are intentionally a few exceptions that stand out because they work quite differently and thereby create new possibilities. The Ultralisk, for instance, deviates from the typical Zerg identity because it\u8217\'92s expensive, so it doesn\u8217\'92t lend itself to mass production, and it\u8217\'92s very durable. Such exceptions add an interesting flavor to a race\u8217\'92s design.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
I see it the same way with units that can\u8217\'92t attack certain target types (ground or air) or structures. I\u8217\'92d rather make it possible in principle, but very weak, if the goal is to emphasize that a unit isn\u8217\'92t really meant for that job. But that\u8217\'92s just one of many different game design philosophies and also depends on the target audience.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
The fact that the Liberator can do this now slightly increases immersion, after all, why shouldn\u8217\'92t a weapon that can attack ground units also be able to damage structures? It also opens up new gameplay options. It may be that, for balance reasons, the damage against structures will need to be reduced further in the future, but at the moment I don\u8217\'92t see any reason to remove the capability entirely.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af5\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af5\loch
190_Raven}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af5\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af5
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\loch
In this video, I introduce the changes to the Raven. \line \line It\u8217\'92s a unit that\u8217\'92s currently used infrequently, because Scan is often a safer alternative for revealing cloaked units or getting scouting information. In today\u8217\'92s StarCraft II, Auto-Turret is mostly a brief damage spike, and in my opinion, the Anti-Armor Missile doesn\u8217\'92t offer enough tactical options to respond to it: your main counter is to run away, and even after it lands, the counter remains to back off until the debuff expires. You can also prevent it by pulling individual units away from the army. I therefore find the level of player interaction too low. I\u8217\'92ve therefore removed the Anti-Armor Missile and added the }{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\i0\b0\loch
Targeting Drone}{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\loch
which also reduces armor but does so over an area and for a longer duration. The drone can be shot down, but it\u8217\'92s cloaked so it isn\u8217\'92t too easy to counter. Units within its radius still receive the familiar red-tint indicator, and when entering the area they see the broken-shield icon. This makes the armor reduction easier to counter and challenges players to reveal and destroy the drone, while the defender is challenged to prevent that. A stationary drone fits classic mech play and, more broadly, the Terrans\u8217\'92 defensive toolkit. It pairs especially well with high, rate-of-fire units like Marines, Auto-Turrets, or the Cyclone in this mod. Used deliberately, the Targeting Drone can markedly increase the damage output, and unlike before, the opponent can actively stop it by killing the drone. To me, that\u8217\'92s a more engaging alternative than simply retreating or accepting heavy losses.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\loch
The }{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\i0\b0\loch
Auto-Turret}{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\loch
 has also been removed from the Raven and moved, reworked, to the Dropship. In exchange, the }{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\i0\b0\loch
Hunter-Seeker Missile (HSM)}{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\loch
 returns in a new variant: it deals heavy damage to a primary target, light splash to nearby units, and slows them. This is particularly helpful against Ultralisks, helps stall a fast enemy advance, and buys your army time to inflict enough damage on the Ultralisks. The HSM now begins its chase a little earlier but accelerates much more slowly. That gives players more chances to see the threat coming, dodge it, mitigate it, or steer individual units into enemy formations so they are also affected by the HSM\u8217\'92s negative effects. In combination with the many other changes in this mod, players are given more ways to respond to HSMs. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\i0\b0\loch
Interference Matrix}{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\loch
 can now be cast from slightly farther away and affects a small area rather than a single unit, which makes it more effective, especially against groups of psionic units and forces opponents not to clump units.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\loch
Ravens also receive a bit more health, more starting energy, and increased detection range. In return, they cost more gas and have reduced movement speed. I\u8217\'92ve also fixed an issue with the control group priority, and therefore the Raven now has a lower control group priority. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\loch
All told, these changes should give the Raven a wide range of new strategic and tactical uses and make it a target that must be taken seriously.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af5\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af5\loch
200_Battlecruiser}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af5\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af5
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
In this video, I\u8217\'92ll go over the changes to the Battlecruiser.\line The Battlecruiser has been a bit too rare in pro matches, mainly because it\u8217\'92s difficult to defend your bases while investing so many resources into them. However, once you reach a larger number of Battlecruisers, they become incredibly hard to counter. On top of that, Tactical Jump allowed them to escape too easily and deal safe damage with little risk. But because of the long cooldown, the ability could only be used rarely, and when it was, it usually meant a one-way ticket, since the cooldown made retreat nearly impossible afterward.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
To address this, I\u8217\'92ve strengthened the Battlecruiser\u8217\'92s weapons, including the Yamato Cannon, and reintroduced energy costs for its abilities. This means you can now use them more than once and even in quick succession. At the same time, I\u8217\'92ve increased the delay before Tactical Jump activates. This forces players to commit to their retreat earlier when danger approaches, while also giving opponents more time to react to suddenly appearing Battlecruisers and a larger window to deal damage.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
The return of energy also makes the Battlecruiser\u8217\'92s abilities more counterable by a wider range of units. This is crucial, because massed Battlecruisers are extremely difficult to stop, especially when supported by repairs.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\loch
Overall, Battlecruisers are now stronger, even in smaller numbers, making them a more attractive option to build. At the same time, they come with more weaknesses, giving opponents better opportunities to counter them, something that\u8217\'92s especially important when large groups of Battlecruisers hit the battlefield.}
\par }