{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 0;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 0;}{\f7\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Noto Sans SC;}{\f8\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f9\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052 Normal;}
{\*\cs15\snext15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b Strong;}
{\*\cs16\snext16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i Emphasis;}
{\s17\sbasedon0\snext18\rtlch\af9\afs28\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af4\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb240\sa120\keepn\ltrpar\cf0\f4\fs28\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052 \u220\'dcberschrift;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052 Body Text;}
{\s19\sbasedon18\snext19\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052 List;}
{\s20\sbasedon0\snext20\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081\ai \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb120\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\i\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052 Caption;}
{\s21\sbasedon0\snext21\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052 Verzeichnis;}
}{\*\generator LibreOffice/7.6.7.2$Windows_X86_64 LibreOffice_project/dd47e4b30cb7dab30588d6c79c651f218165e3c5}{\info{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr2026\mo5\dy19\hr19\min30}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}}{\*\userprops}\deftab709
\hyphauto1\viewscale110\formshade\paperh16838\paperw11906\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sftnnar\saftnnrlc\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
{\*\ftnsep\chftnsep}\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af8\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af8\loch
009_Creep and Burrow}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af8\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af8
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
In this video I present the changes to Creep and Burrow.\line The creep generation of Overlords and Burrow is hardly ever used. What you frequently see is the spread of creep with tumors, because all Zerg ground units move faster on it. But apart from that, not many interesting strategies emerge. In addition, an increased movement speed mainly benefits melee units, which for Zerg are Zerglings, Banelings, Broodlings, Locusts and Ultralisks. In addition, good creep spread ensures that the Zerg army can quickly move from one base to another, which would also be possible through Nydus Worms and Nydus Canals, but due to the long load and unload time, it sometimes even takes longer than moving the army across creep.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Because all of this provided too few advantages and allowed too few playstyles, creep was changed so that Zerg ground units regenerate health faster on creep instead of moving faster. This improves hit-and-run strategies and also increases the usefulness of the Overlord\u8217\'92s Generate Creep ability, whether in the opponent\u8217\'92s base to keep Zerg units alive longer, or outside of combat to help them regenerate more quickly. Another advantage is that not only melee units benefit strongly from creep, but all Zerg ground units, and not only during a fight, but also afterwards.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
To make Burrow more interesting, the damage dealt to all burrowed units, including the Widow Mine, is reduced by 50%. In addition, all Zerg ground units receive a speed bonus for a few seconds after unburrowing, allowing them to either launch a quick attack or retreat swiftly. However, this boost is only granted if the Zerg unit has been burrowed for a short time beforehand. As a result, it becomes worthwhile to burrow Zerg units when they are standing idle, so that in case of an attack they can either escape more quickly or get into attack range faster. This gives Burrow a purpose even if the burrowed Zerg units are revealed.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
These changes ensure that Overlord creep spread and Burrow have greater usefulness and also enhance immersion, since hiding underground and spreading creep, especially into enemy bases, are key characteristics of the Zerg. Now, you will see them more frequently in the game because they bring a greater advantage when used.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af8\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af8\loch
010+020_Spine Crawler and Spore Crawler}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af8\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af8
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1\loch

\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
In today\u8217\'92s video, I present the changes to the Spine and Spore Crawler.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
\line The Spine Crawler has been made larger so that it can block units in the mineral line more effectively and also appear more threatening. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
The Spore Crawler has received more health so that it performs better against air units and makes players less reliant on Queens and their Transfuse ability. To prevent it from being mass-produced too easily, however, its cost has been increased. In my opinion, it was previously too easy to build large numbers of Spore Crawlers, and even though the Zerg are known for strength in numbers rather than quality, the Spore Crawler, with its mobility and detection ability, was simply too cheap. Building static defenses should be a real commitment, and until now that was too minor in the case of the Spore Crawler. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af8\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af8\loch
030_Overlord}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af8\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af8
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
In today\u8217\'92s video, I present the changes to the Overlord.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Up until now, the Overlord could be used very effectively as an early scouting unit without requiring much attention. In addition, the Creep Generation ability was rarely used, as the speed bonus on creep provided too little of an advantage, especially when the generated creep area was relatively small. Since Zerg also lack units that can move across cliffs, they rely more heavily on flying transport units than other races.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Therefore, the Overlord now generates creep over a larger area, and creep increases the health regeneration of Zerg ground units instead of their movement speed. Since the speed bonus mainly benefited melee units, the Overlord previously had to fly directly over enemy forces, or at least get very close, to spread creep in a way that actually supported them. With the new changes to creep, however, it\u8217\'92s now valuable to spread creep under ranged units as well, allowing them to survive longer. This means the Overlord can position itself above or even behind its own army, rather than being within easy firing range of the enemy. As a result, the opponent faces an interesting choice: push forward to kill the Overlords and reduce the healing effect, or continue focusing on the rest of the Zerg army.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
To give Zerg also more mobility starting from the early game, Ventral Sacs now requires the Evolution Chamber instead of the Lair. This means it\u8217\'92s no longer enough to block narrow ramps to keep the Zerg out of your own base, players must secure larger areas instead. In addition, the Overlord\u8217\'92s movement and turning speed have been reduced to reinforce the immersion that the Overlord is a rather slow creature and cannot instantly turn 180 degrees.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af8\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af8\loch
040_Queen, larvae production, Zerg defense}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af8\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af8
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
In today\u8217\'92s video, I\u8217\'92ll be presenting the changes to the Queen, larvae production and Zerg defense.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
Until now, the Queen extended creep through Creep Tumors, provided additional larvae through Zerg main structures, and healed both buildings and units. The Queen was never meant to be an effective offensive unit, since she is very slow off creep and all of her abilities required either creep or a Zerg main structure. Due to the Zerg\u8217\'92s relatively weak static defenses and limited defensive options overall, it was previously necessary to rely on multiple strong Queens. In addition, each race was designed to have a mechanic that encouraged players to return to their base: for Terran it is Calldown: }{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
Mule}{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
., for Protoss Chrono Boost, and for Zerg Larvae Injection.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
To create more variety in gameplay, the Queen in }{\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\i0\b0\loch
sc2YouWant}{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
 is slightly weaker, while some of her abilities and other aspects of the Zerg have been strengthened. The Queen now has less health and her ability Larvae Injection has been reworked, Spore Crawlers are sturdier, Zerg ground units regenerate health faster on creep instead of moving faster, Burrow is more powerful, Creep Tumors can spawn 2 Broodlings or 1 Changeling, and Transfusion lasts longer. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
Unspent Creep Tumors now spawn two Broodlings when destroyed. They can also be manually consumed to spawn either two Broodlings, one Changeling, or an additional Creep Tumor. The Overseer loses the ability to spawn a Changeling and instead gains the ability to refresh Creep Tumors, allowing this ability to be reused. Refresh Creep Tumor can be autocast, creating a new mechanic of its own, adding immersion by having Overseers scattered across the map to refresh tumors. Players are also faced with a meaningful choice: whether to spread creep further, save tumors for defense, or use them to spawn Changelings. To reduce Changeling spam, Changelings now cost 1 supply. Near-unlimited scouting and detection options, similar to the Scan mechanic, are unhealthy. Scouting and detection should require deliberate, meaningful investment that rewards skill and does not always pay off.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
The Transfuse ability can once again be cast off creep and now lasts longer and making it more useful both defensively and offensively. Offensive mass Queens should still be less powerful, since Queens now have significantly less health and can be focused down more easily. In addition, the other races also have new defensive options.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
Larvae are now meant to be produced primarily through Zerg main structures. Building additional Hatcheries or upgrading them to Lair or Hive will automatically increase larva production, with Lair generating more than Hatchery and Hive generating more than Lair. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
The Queen can still create larvae without a Zerg main building, but at a higher energy cost. This ability is no longer meant to make up a large part of consistent larva production, but rather to serve as a limited tactical option anywhere on the map. Therefore Larvae now also survive for 10 seconds off creep so that the larvae can be morphed into eggs. This change removes the monotonous Larvae Injection mechanic, which was both a hurdle for beginners and tedious for more experienced players, allowing everyone to focus more on the engaging parts of the game. In addition the increased reliance on multiple Zerg main structures also enhances immersion, making Zerg bases feel more \u8220\'93Zergy\u8221\'94 again with more beehives instead of one.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
With simplified larva production, tumors spawning Broodlings or Changelings, longer-lasting Transfuse, Zerg ground units regenerating faster on creep, burrowed units taking 50% less damage and receiving a short speed boost upon unburrowing, Zerg are now much stronger in the early game. They can move out of their bases more confidently, establish map control earlier, and no longer have to wait until late game. Altogether, this creates more strategic possibilities and a more \u8220\'93Zerg-like\u8221\'94 feeling. The Queen\u8217\'92s ability to generate larvae is no longer mandatory, but instead a tactical option to create a limited number of larvae, even outside the bases.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af8\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af8\loch
050_Zergling}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af8\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af8
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1\fi0\li0\lin0\sb140\sa120\keepn{\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081\ab0 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af4\loch\cf0\fs24\lang1031\b0\kerning1\f4\dbch\af9\langfe2052\loch
Today I\u8217\'92d like to introduce the changes to the Zergling.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\af6 \ltrch\dbch\af9\loch
To make individual Zerglings easier to click on, to increase reaction options against incoming Zerglings, and to reduce the impact of area-of-effect damage on them, the Zergling model and its spacing to other units have been slightly increased, while its movement speed has been reduced.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\af6 \ltrch\dbch\af9\loch
Of course, additional changes have also been introduced to create more opportunities for players to react to situations and to enable a wider variety of strategies and unit compositions.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\af6 \ltrch\dbch\af9\loch
To achieve that, damage has to go down, health needs to go up, and speed has to be reduced, but without making the game feel too slow. The target audience here includes }{\rtlch\af6\ai \ltrch\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\i\b0\dbch\af9\loch
all}{\rtlch\af6 \ltrch\dbch\af9\loch
 skill levels, not just pro players, not just beginners, and not only those in between.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\af6 \ltrch\dbch\af9\loch
At this point, I define the best compromise differently from Blizzard and from some pro players or streamers. For an RTS to truly become \u8220\'93too slow\u8221\'94 for professional players, it would have to be slowed down far more than what I\u8217\'92m doing here. That risk is therefore very distant and will not be a topic in my upcoming videos.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\af6 \ltrch\dbch\af9\loch
If anyone feels my mod is too slow overall or less fun, they can, of course, continue playing the original }{\rtlch\af6\ai \ltrch\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\i\b0\dbch\af9\loch
StarCraft II}{\rtlch\af6 \ltrch\dbch\af9\loch
. What I\u8217\'92m offering here is simply an alternative. In the end, players who want more variety, more opportunities to react, and more comeback potential can play my mod. And those who don\u8217\'92t enjoy that style have the option to play what they find most fun.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\af6 \ltrch\dbch\af9\loch
In }{\rtlch\af6\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b\dbch\af9\loch
sc2YouWant}{\rtlch\af6 \ltrch\dbch\af9\loch
Zerglings are now slightly slower and larger, but they regenerate health on creep faster, take reduced damage while burrowed, gain a short speed boost after unburrowing, and benefit from generally reduced area-damage effects, refined movement mechanics, and the new army-split button. As some of you may already know from other videos, several other units now also move a bit slower than before.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\af6 \ltrch\dbch\af9\loch
All of these options make Zerglings easier to control and give them more possibilities. How strong or weak they turn out to be will become clear over time with your help. That\u8217\'92s why it\u8217\'92s important to have plenty of matches and feedback, so we can discover the small imbalances together and fix them.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\af6 \ltrch\dbch\af9\loch
Thanks to the army-split button, even small groups of units can start to feel like larger armies, which enhances immersion. It\u8217\'92s no coincidence that Blizzard\u8217\'92s original Zerg showcase videos had much greater spacing between units, it made the Zerg look more swarmy. I want to bring that same feeling into actual gameplay, not just make it look good in promotional videos.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af8\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af8\loch
060_Baneling}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af8\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af8
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1\sb140\sa120\keepn{\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081\ab0 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af4\loch\cf0\fs24\lang1031\b0\kerning1\f4\dbch\af7\langfe2052\loch
In this video, I\u8217\'92ll be introducing the changes to the }{\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081\ab \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af4\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\cf0\fs24\lang1031\b0\kerning1\f4\dbch\af7\langfe2052\loch
Baneling}{\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081\ab0 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af4\loch\cf0\fs24\lang1031\b0\kerning1\f4\dbch\af7\langfe2052\loch
.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\af6\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af7\loch
In addition to the standard adjustments that most units have received, the Baneling now deals }{\rtlch\af6\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
significantly more damage to its primary target}{\rtlch\af6\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af7\loch
. This makes Banelings more threatening to single units or small groups of tougher enemies.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\af6\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af7\loch
Previously, Banelings could instantly kill too many units at once, a risk that has been reduced in }{\rtlch\af6\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
sc2YouWant}{\rtlch\af6\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af7\loch
 through many small tuning adjustments.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\af6\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af7\loch
The Baneling\u8217\'92s health has }{\rtlch\af6\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
not}{\rtlch\af6\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af7\loch
 been increased, since the combination of reduced incoming damage and the }{\rtlch\af6\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
speed boost after unburrowing}{\rtlch\af6\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af7\loch
 should already make it easier for them to reach their targets.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\af6\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af7\loch
At the same time, the }{\rtlch\af6\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
Army Split Button}{\rtlch\af6\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af7\loch
 and other new mechanics provide additional ways to }{\rtlch\af6\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
mitigate Baneling damage}{\rtlch\af6\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af7\loch
. Some of these tools depend more heavily on micro skill than others.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\af6\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af7\loch
For example, abilities like }{\rtlch\af6\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
Defensive Matrix}{\rtlch\af6\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af7\loch
 require fast and precise unit selection, a much more demanding task than simply pressing the Army Split Button on the keyboard. The }{\rtlch\af6\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
speed boost after unburrowing}{\rtlch\af6\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af7\loch
 helps counterbalance that somewhat, but it also demands smart positioning, good timing, and good micro control.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af8\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af8\loch
070_Hydralisk}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af8\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af8
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1\sb140\sa120\keepn{\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081\ai\ab0 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af5\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\cf0\fs24\lang1031\i0\b0\kerning1\f5\dbch\af7\langfe2052\loch
In this video, I\u8217\'92ll be introducing the changes to the Hydralisk.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
In the original }{\rtlch\af6\ai\ab0 \ltrch\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
StarCraft II}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
the Hydralisk is a glass cannon, a fragile unit that, due to its higher tech level, naturally comes with a higher cost. The question at the time was: }{\rtlch\af6\ai\ab0 \ltrch\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
Which attribute could Blizzard enhance to justify the Hydralisk\u8217\'92s tech level and cost?}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
The Zergling had already taken the role of high mobility, and the Roach filled the role of strong armor, which didn\u8217\'92t leave much else. So the answer seemed clear: the Hydralisk had to deal a lot of damage, since it couldn\u8217\'92t take much in return.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\af6\ai\ab0 \ltrch\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
So it was clear that the Hydralisk had to deal a lot of damage since it couldn\u8217\'92t take much itself. }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
Blizzard also wanted every Tier 1.5 unit to feel completely new, to make }{\rtlch\af6\ai\ab0 \ltrch\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
StarCraft II}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
 stand apart from }{\rtlch\af6\ai\ab0 \ltrch\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
StarCraft 1}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
 and strike a balance between familiar and fresh gameplay, at least, that\u8217\'92s my interpretation and my claim.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
Unfortunately, this focus underestimated the importance of gameplay depth and sacrificed too much of it just to make }{\rtlch\af6\ai\ab0 \ltrch\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
StarCraft II}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
 feel newer and more innovative.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
As a result, the Roach became a Tier 1.5 unit, a cheap, tanky unit that would actually make far more sense as a }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
Tier 2}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
 unit. Tanky units usually shouldn\u8217\'92t be available in large numbers, because they can easily become too strong, especially when they\u8217\'92re ranged units.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
To avoid too much overlap with the Zergling, Blizzard made the Roach from a melee unit to a ranged unit. To also avoid too much overlap with the Hydralisk, Blizzard made the Roach unable to attack air units. After all, you need hard counters against mass-producible tanky units. }{\rtlch\af6\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af7\loch
And since we\u8217\'92re talking about Zerg, it would also feel strange if the Tier 1.5 unit couldn\u8217\'92t be produced in large numbers.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
The idea behind the Roach wasn\u8217\'92t bad, it works reasonably well, but I believe it has }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
much more potential as a Tier 2 unit}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
. Moving it up would also open the door for the Zerg to have an }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
early-game anti-air unit}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
 that\u8217\'92s actually effective at moving out of the base and taking the fight to the opponent. The Hydralisk would be perfect for that role, but because }{\rtlch\af6\ai\ab0 \ltrch\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
StarCraft II}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
 needed to look and feel \u8220\'93new and different,\u8221\'94 gameplay quality suffered as a result. And we all know how much Zerg struggles in professional matches when they\u8217\'92re forced to play defensively until the late game. Thankfully, I have different priorities. So in }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
sc2YouWant}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
I\u8217\'92ve }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
swapped the roles of the Hydralisk and the Roach}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
making the Hydralisk a }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
Tier 1.5 unit}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
This gives Zerg players an early anti-air option that also works well offensively and creates }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
more strategic possibilities}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
. Meanwhile, the Roach can now fully realize its potential as a }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
Tier 2}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
 unit, it can be more expensive, tankier, and come with strong abilities like }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
Burrow Movement}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
 right from the start. The design challenges and solutions around Burrow Movement will be discussed in the Roach video.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
As a Tier 1.5 unit, the }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
Hydralisk}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
 is now }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
cheaperdeals less damage}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
and has }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
many upgrades}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
 that keep it relevant later in the game. It counters Zerglings and Banelings }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
less harshly}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
 than the Roach did, but still performs well against them, especially with increasing levels of micro skill.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
The new }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
defensive tools}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
 available to Zerg also make it easier to counter Zerglings and Banelings even without relying on the Hydralisk. For example, Creep Tumors can now }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
spawn two Broodlings}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
workers can }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
enter the main building to deploy Broodlings}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
and the }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
Spine Crawler\u8217\'92s size has been increased}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
 to help block enemy units more effectively. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
One could argue that Zerg intentionally don\u8217\'92t have an early anti-air unit capable of moving out offensively, in order to emphasize the differences between the races.\line But in my opinion, the price you pay for that in terms of gameplay and strategic diversity is too high.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af8\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af8\loch
080_Overseer}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af8\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af8
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1\sb140\sa120\keepn{\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af4\loch\cf0\fs24\lang1031\i0\b0\kerning1\f4\dbch\af7\langfe2052\loch
In this video, I\u8217\'92ll be introducing the changes to the }{\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081\ai0\ab \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af4\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\cf0\fs24\lang1031\i0\b0\kerning1\f4\dbch\af7\langfe2052\loch
Overseer}{\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af4\loch\cf0\fs24\lang1031\i0\b0\kerning1\f4\dbch\af7\langfe2052\loch
.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
Since the Overseer has energy and only two energy-based abilities, both of which are offensive, I thought it would make sense to add a new }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
defensive ability}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
.\line This new ability is called }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
Incubate Tumor}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
which allows the Overseer to refresh existing Creep Tumors so they can use their abilities again.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
This fits the Overseer, and the Zerg in general, very well, because the Zerg don\u8217\'92t just spread }{\rtlch\af6\ai\ab0 \ltrch\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
creep}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
they spread }{\rtlch\af6\ai\ab0 \ltrch\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
life}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
. The feeling of a living swarm is further enhanced by the fact that it now makes sense for Overseers to fly over areas covered in creep.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
Since }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
Incubate Tumor}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
 can even be set to }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
autocast}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
players can create patrol routes for their Overseers. That way, they can not only detect invisible units but also automatically refresh spent Tumors, either to support creep spread or to strengthen defenses.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
Additionally, Overseers can no longer spawn Changelings, Creep Tumors now handle this instead. This gives players another reason to spread Creep Tumors and refresh them with Overseers.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\af6 \ltrch\dbch\af7\loch
To further differentiate the Overseer from the Observer, Oversight has been removed and replaced with Telepathic Suppression. Like Oversight, Telepathic Suppression immobilizes the Overseer once activated, costs no energy, and prevents enemy energy-based abilities from being used in its radius. This gives the Overseer a combat-relevant ability that forces opponents to either fight without their energy-dependent units or treat Overseers as a genuine threat that must be eliminated first.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
Contaminate}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
 has also been adjusted: instead of completely stopping unit production or research in affected structures, it now }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
slows them down for a longer duration and creates creep in a medium-sized area}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
. This change makes comebacks more feasible, since production and research aren\u8217\'92t entirely halted. At the same time, Zerg players can make better use of the longer-lasting effect, and it becomes more rewarding to send Overseers into dangerous areas to contaminate enemy structures. Especially before a direct attack with Zerg units.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
Overall, these changes increase the Overseer\u8217\'92s versatility, open up new strategic and tactical possibilities and }{\rtlch\af6 \ltrch\dbch\af7\loch
increases the swarm feeling and thus the immersion.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af8\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af8\loch
090_Swarm Host}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af8\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af8
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1\sb140\sa120\keepn{\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af5\loch\cf0\fs24\lang1031\i0\b0\kerning1\f5\dbch\af7\langfe2052\loch
In this video, I\u8217\'92ll be introducing the changes to the }{\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081\ai0\ab \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af5\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\cf0\fs24\lang1031\i0\b0\kerning1\f5\dbch\af7\langfe2052\loch
Swarm Host}{\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af5\loch\cf0\fs24\lang1031\i0\b0\kerning1\f5\dbch\af7\langfe2052\loch
.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
The Swarm Host has long become just a }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
harassment unit}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
 that you rarely see anymore.\line In addition, }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
Locusts block the movement of enemy units}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
 and prevent them from reaching the unit that spawned them. The same is true for }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
Broodlings}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
and even there it\u8217\'92s already quite strong, but at least Broodlings are }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
melee units and have less life}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
which means that in large numbers they usually deal }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
less effective damage}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
 because of limited space, and more importantly, they are }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
much easier to kill. And because }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
Locusts and Broodlings }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
cannot attack air units they are even more similiar. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
That\u8217\'92s why in }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
sc2YouWantLocusts are now always flying}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
 and }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
never land and t}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
hey can attack both }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
ground and air units}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
. This gives ground armies a better chance to counter the Swarm Host, while still forcing them to pay attention to positioning and avoid the flying waves of Locusts whenever possible. Additionally, Locusts }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
spawn much fasterlive longer}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
and }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
move fast}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
 when near }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
Swarm Hosts}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
. To balance this out, Locusts have }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
less healthdeal less damage}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
and }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
move very slowly}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
 when they are too far }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
away from Swarm Hosts}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
. In addition, the Swarm Host costs slightly fewer minerals but significantly more }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
v}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
espen gas.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
This design means Zerg players have to defend their Swarm Hosts more carefully, but they can also do so effectively }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
using the Locusts}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
Zerg now gain an additional }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
anti-air option}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
 that works well both }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
defensively}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
 and }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
offensively, an additional siege option}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
an additional }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
harassment option, an additional}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
 }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
base defense option and}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
 can also be a part of the }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
main army}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
. Locusts live long enough and spawn quickly enough that each Swarm Host can }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
maintain up to six active Locusts}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
 to defend or attack. This forces opponents to rely on }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
anti-air splash damage}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
 or }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
long-range units}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
 to deal with Swarm Hosts. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
Beyond all these new }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
strategic and tactical options}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
the Zerg now feel even }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
swarmier}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
 thanks to this new version of the Swarm Host. Because Swarm Hosts must burrow to spawn Locusts, and Locusts only move quickly near}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
 Swarm Hosts}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
the unit also becomes }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
more counterable}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
To make the Locusts feel even more swarm-like, their wings }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
no longer flap in sync}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
, each one moves }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
individually}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
making them look }{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
more like a living swarm of insects}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
 and less like a group}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
 of robots}{\rtlch\af6\ai0\ab0 \ltrch\loch\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af8\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af8\loch
100_Lurker}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af8\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af8
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\dbch\af7\loch
In this video, I present the changes made to the Lurker.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\dbch\af7\loch
The Lurker is largely fine as it is, but I wanted to create a few more ways to react to it, while, in return, making it even more threatening in its siege role and overall appearance. Therefore, in }{\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\i\b0\dbch\af7\loch
sc2YouWant}{\dbch\af7\loch
its burrow and attack speed have been reduced, but its damage and range have been increased. In addition, both its size and the size of its spikes have been enlarged. To further enhance the impact of its upgrades, }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b\dbch\af7\loch
Adaptive Talons}{\dbch\af7\loch
 now increases burrow speed more noticeably (which is easier to achieve due to the reduced base burrow speed), and }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b\dbch\af7\loch
Seismic Spines}{\dbch\af7\loch
 increases its range by 3 instead of 2.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\dbch\af7\loch
With these changes, the Lurker not only looks more intimidating, it truly is. However, it can now be countered slightly more easily due to its reduced burrow and attack speed.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\dbch\af7\loch
To bring a bit more variety for Zerg players, and because the Hydralisk is now Tier 1.5, the morph to the Lurker now requires a }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b\dbch\af7\loch
Lair}{\dbch\af7\loch
 instead of the }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b\dbch\af7\loch
Lurker Den}{\dbch\af7\loch
. The upgrades have been moved to the }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b\dbch\af7\loch
Hydralisk Den}{\dbch\af7\loch
 accordingly. As a result, the Lair now unlocks }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b\dbch\af7\loch
Swarm Hosts}{\dbch\af7\loch
the }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b\dbch\af7\loch
Overseer morph}{\dbch\af7\loch
and the }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b\dbch\af7\loch
Lurker morph}{\dbch\af7\loch
. This approach is applied consistently, since the }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b\dbch\af7\loch
Hive}{\dbch\af7\loch
 now unlocks the }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b\dbch\af7\loch
Viper}{\dbch\af7\loch
 and the }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b\dbch\af7\loch
Ravager morph}{\dbch\af7\loch
. This creates a more unified system for Zerg, and after a major main-structure upgrade, there are now two or even three new options available immediately, which also makes comebacks more viable.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\dbch\af7\loch
I always thought the appearance of the Lurker Den was really cool, so it\u8217\'92s a bit of a shame that this building is no longer needed. However, overall this seemed like the better gameplay compromise. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\dbch\af7\loch
Since the Lurker, like all burrowed units, now takes 50% less damage while burrowed, its base health has been reduced, making it slightly more vulnerable when unburrowed. Because unburrowed Zerg units now get a short speed boost, this should help compensate for that and, with good micro, can even prevent more damage than the lost health would have absorbed.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af8\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af8\loch
110_Roach}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af8\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af8
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af7\loch
In this video, I present the changes made to the Roach.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af7\loch
As already mentioned in the video about the Hydralisk, the Roach has swapped its tech position with the Hydralisk and is now Tier 2 instead of Tier 1.5. This gives the Roach greater potential to be stronger from the start and removes the awkward upgrade requirements that were previously needed to unlock its burrow movement. Its cost is now }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
150/25}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af7\loch
 instead of }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
75/25}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af7\loch
so it remains a mineral-heavy unit that\u8217\'92s easy to mass, }{\dbch\af7\loch
though not as much as before.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af7\loch
The Roach can now move while burrowed even without the }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
Burrow}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af7\loch
 and }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
Tunneling Claws}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af7\loch
 upgrades. The }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
Tunneling Claws}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af7\loch
 upgrade instead increases its movement speed while burrowed, and the }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
Glial Reconstitution}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af7\loch
 upgrade has been replaced by }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
Rapid Regrowth}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af7\loch
which doubles the Roach\u8217\'92s health regeneration both above and below ground. Without the upgrade, it regenerates }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
1 HP per second above ground}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af7\loch
 and }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
2 HP per second below ground}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af7\loch
. With the upgrade, this becomes }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
2 HP above ground}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af7\loch
 and }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
4 HP below ground}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af7\loch
.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af7\loch
Health regeneration below ground is therefore lower than before, which fits well since burrowed units now take 50% less damage. As a result, the }{\dbch\af7\loch
Roach remains highly durable while underground.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af7\loch
By default, the Roach now moves just as fast burrowed as it does unburrowed. After the Tunneling claws upgrade burrowed Roaches move 30% faster. All these changes allow the Roach\u8217\'92s effectiveness to scale better with micro, the higher your micro skill, the more you can get out of the unit, similar to Blink micro. You now want to burrow Roaches when they\u8217\'92re low on health, since they take less damage and regenerate faster while underground. And if you need to retreat, it also makes more sense to burrow them, since they move just as fast underground as they do above ground, and even faster when they have the Tunneling Claws upgrade.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af7\loch
Moreover, the Roach now deals significantly more damage against structures. This makes it well-suited for sneaking into an enemy base and sniping important structures. Its high movement speed and durability while burrowed also help it escape safely after such attacks.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af8\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af8\loch
120_Infestor}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af8\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af8
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
In this video, I present the changes made to the Infestor.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
In the original Starcraft 2 the Infestor has the abilities }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
Fungal Growth}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
which slows enemies and deals damage over time; }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
Microbial Shroud}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
which reduces incoming damage from air and ranged units within a targeted area; and }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
Neural Parasite}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
which temporarily takes control of an enemy unit while the Infestor must remain close to it.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
Fungal Growth}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
 has the weakness that its projectile is very difficult to dodge and it slows too heavily, leaving little room for reaction. However, players generally want to be able to react to things as much as possible, so I want to change Fungal Growth as follows:\line Fungal Growth now reduces the }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
armor}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
 and }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
shield armor}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
 of affected ground units instead of slowing and damaging air and ground units. Additionally, if a unit affected by Fungal Growth dies while under its effect, it spawns }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
two Broodlings}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
This change makes it easier to respond to the new Fungal Growth through healing and other defensive abilities, especially after being hit by it. Once units are affected, players will want to keep those specific units alive rather than the unaffected units, since their deaths would otherwise spawn additional enemy units that deal damage. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
Microbial Shroud has been changed and moved to the Viper. In return, the Infestor now has Parasitic Bomb, allowing for an effective answer to mass air units earlier in the game. More details regarding the changes to Microbial Shroud will be covered in the video about the Viper changes. \line The energy cost and damage against non-armored units of Parasitic Bomb have been slightly reduced, while its range, duration, and damage against armored units have been increased.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
Since }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
Neural Parasite}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
 is also a high-risk, high-reward ability that is mainly effective only against expensive late-game units, I wanted to replace it with a new ability that is more useful across all stages of the game and against a wider range of units. Therefore, }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
Neural Parasite}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
 has been removed and replaced with }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
Plague Cloud}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
Plague Cloud}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
 continuously deals low}{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
 damage}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
 to ground units over a }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
large area}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
 for a long period of time. It can be used as a }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
damage boost}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
 in long engagements, such as breaking or preventing sieges. In addition, Plague Cloud can serve as a }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
harassment tool}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
since it doesn\u8217\'92t deal its full damage instantly but over time, forcing the affected player to periodically pull workers away from resources to heal, repair, or recharge shields. As a result, players will want to }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
avoid being hit by Plague Cloud at all costs}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
which means keeping Infestors at a distance.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
In addition to its new abilities, all of the Infestor\u8217\'92s existing abilities can now be used while burrowed, greatly increasing its versatility. However, the Infestor now moves much more slowly when burrowed. Like all burrowed units, it takes 50% less damage and receives a brief speed boost upon unburrowing, allowing it to retreat more easily. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
This updated set of Infestor abilities enables many new strategies, and each ability now has the potential to be seen more frequently, especially since all of them can now be cast }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
while burrowed}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
. In addition, the mechanical and visual design of its abilities now align more closely with its latest concept art from before }{\rtlch\ai\ab0 \ltrch\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\i\b0\loch
Wings of Liberty}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
 was released.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af8\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af8\loch
130_Mutalisk + Spire}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af8\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af8
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
In this video, I present the changes made to the Mutalisk. To make Mutalisks more appealing, the bounce range and damage of their attacks have been slightly increased, while the cost and build time of the Spire have been significantly reduced. The Spire now costs the same amount of resources and takes the same build time as the Roach Warren and Infestation Pit, making every \line T 2.5 option similarly accessible.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af8\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af8\loch
140_Corrupter}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af8\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af8
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
In this video, I present the changes made to the Corruptor.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
The Corruptor is the Zerg\u8217\'92s anti-air unit, which is also very effective against structures thanks to its }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
Caustic Spray}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
 ability.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
Since the Viper has a very strong weapon against structures, making it somewhat overlap with Caustic Spray, even if it deals less damage, and to make the Corruptor useful against a wider range of targets, I have }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
removed Caustic Spray}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
 and replaced it with a new ability called }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
Corruption}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
Corruption}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
 is a cooldown-based ability with a relatively short cooldown that can be cast on individual ground or air units. It deals continuous damage over time until the target reaches a minimum of 1 HP. This makes Corruption a potentially very annoying ability for opponents, as it introduces a new form of harassment that can repeatedly force them to heal, repair, or recharge their shields.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
Because of this, the Corruptor can also serve as an }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
anti-ground alternative}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
 to the Mutalisk, though it functions a bit differently since it cannot deliver killing blows. You\u8217\'92ll still need other units to finish off targets, making the Corruptor function more as a }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
support unit}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
 alongside its harassment potential. Against air units, the Corruptor is now also stronger. Whether this causes balance issues remains to be seen, as all three races have received new and improved anti-air options. Additionally, the Corruptor now }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
costs more minerals and less gas}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
making it easier to combine with gas-heavy units such as the }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
Swarm Host}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
 or }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
Infestor}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
Overall, the Corruptor has gained new use cases, opening up new possibilities for }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
unit compositions and strategies}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af8\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af8\loch
150_Nydus_Worm}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af8\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af8
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
In this video, I present the changes to the Nydus Network and Nydus Worm.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Nydus Worms can transport an unlimited number of units across the map in a very short time. This ability is extremely powerful, in my opinion, too powerful. This is also one of the reasons why usually only a single Nydus Worm is needed, which feels less \u8220\'93Zerg-like.\u8221\'94 In addition, the creep spread of the Nydus Worm is so large that it\u8217\'92s harder to spawn it in a hidden location. Because of this, a single moment of inattention from the opponent can make the Nydus Worm so powerful that it often ends the game.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
To make individual Nydus Worms easier to counter, each Nydus Worm can now only spawn 16 units before going on cooldown, after which it can spawn another 16 units. To encourage using multiple, more hidden Nydus Worms, the Nydus Network cost and the Nydus Worm\u8217\'92s creep spread have been reduced. At the same time, the cost of the Nydus Worm has been slightly increased to make every failed use of the Nydus Worm more punishing. To ensure that Zerg players can still easily move their armies between their bases, Nydus Networks can still spawn an unlimited number of units without cooldown. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
This makes it easier to build multiple Nydus Networks and to use several Nydus Worms simultaneously. This feels more \u8220\'93Zerg-like,\u8221\'94 while at the same time a single Nydus Worm can no longer unload unlimited units continuously, making multiple Nydus Worms necessary when using them in a more obvious and aggressive manner. However, if you pursue a longer-term strategy where the Nydus Worms are meant to remain undetected, a single Nydus Worm can still be sufficient, since its reduced creep spread makes it harder to spot.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af8\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af8\loch
160_Viper}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af8\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af8
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
In this video, I present the changes to the Viper.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
To make the Viper more versatile, Consume has been modified so that it can now be used on enemy units and structures, draining life instead of energy, which simultaneously heals the Viper, and additionally siphoning energy from targets that have it, which charges the Viper's energy. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
Furthermore, the range of Abduct has been slightly extended.\line }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
Blinding Cloud}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
 has been replaced with the ability Spawn: }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
Infested Terrans,}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
 }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
Parasitic Bomb}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
 has been moved to the Infestor, and }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\loch
Microbial Shroud}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
 has been changed and relocated to the Viper.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
Blinding Cloud was an ability with very limited counterplay. Players could either preemptively build more melee units, of which there are very few, or be forced to retreat. However, give}{\loch
n the pace of StarCraft II, retreating often meant certain death for units like the Siege Tank, which couldn\u8217\'92t move away quickly enough. \line Infested Terrans, on the other hand, can be thrown inside the minimum range of Siege Tanks, causing them to be attacked only by nearby units that may deal splash damage to their own Siege Tanks if the Infested Terrans aren\u8217\'92t destroyed quickly enough. In addition, Infested Terrans can be used as a harassment option or temporarily as part of the main army.\line \line }{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\loch
Microbial Shroud reduces incoming ranged damage in a targeted area for a certain duration. However, its main issue is that it becomes a target for area-of-effect abilities such as Psi Storm, which can quickly turn its benefits into disadvantages.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
As a result, Microbial Shroud has been reworked. It now has a larger area of effect, lasts longer, and reduces the attack and vision range of all enemy air units within the area to 2. This encourages players to use it primarily against enemy air units, forcing them to withdraw from the affected zone. It works very similarly to Blinding Cloud, except that air units are generally better able to counter it than ground units. Air units are more mobile, cannot block each other\u8217\'92s movement, and can retreat freely in any direction without being limited by terrain. Additionally, Protoss air armies are especially strong against Zerg, which is why a stronger counter in this area is necessary. \line To better reflect its new functionality, Microbial Shroud has been renamed to Blinding Spores.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
With the changes to Consume and the addition of Infested Terran, the Viper can now operate independently against ground units, smaller armies, and structures. At the same time, it still performs excellently as a support unit within your army, especially against air units, thanks to Abduct and Blinding Spores.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af8\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af8\loch
170_Ravager}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af8\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af8
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af7\loch
In this video, I present the changes to the }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
Ravager}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af7\loch
.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af7\loch
The Ravager has been moved to }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
T 3}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af7\loch
, since the }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
Roach}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af7\loch
 has been moved to }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
T 2.5}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af7\loch
, allowing the Ravager to become stronger and more versatile. As a result, the Ravager now has }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
more health}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af7\loch
, }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
greater range}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af7\loch
, }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
higher damage}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af7\loch
, can }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
attack air units with its basic weapon}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af7\loch
, and its }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
Corrosive Bile}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af7\loch
 ability now has }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
increased range}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af7\loch
, }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
a larger area of effect}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af7\loch
, and }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
deals more damage}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af7\loch
, especially against }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
massive units}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af7\loch
. In addition, the }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
morph cost}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af7\loch
 into a Ravager has been }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
reduced}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af7\loch
 in both minerals and vespen gas. However, since the }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
Roach}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af7\loch
 now costs more minerals, the }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\cs16\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\i0\b0\dbch\af7\loch
overall cost}{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af7\loch
 is still higher.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\rtlch\ab0 \ltrch\loch\b0\dbch\af7\loch
As a result, the Ravager is now stronger than before and especially effective against massive and air units.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af8\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af8\loch
180_Ultralisk}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af8\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af8
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s19\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
In this video, I present the changes made to the Ultralisk.}
\par \pard\plain \s19\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
In addition to the standard adjustments like increased health and reduced vision range, the Ultralisk now deals a lot more damage against structures, and Frenzy has been removed. Since there are no longer any Marauders with Concussive Shells to slow units, Fungal Growth no longer slows, and abilities like Anti-Armor Missile and Neural Parasite have been removed, the only remaining effects that can slow or stun Ultralisks are the reworked Hunter Seeker Missile, the Protoss Obelisk, and the Stasis Ward from the Oracle. These abilities are now specifically designed to counter or affect Ultralisks. Moreover, abilities like Time Warp, which now speeds up units instead of slowing them down, actually have a positive effect on the Ultralisk.}
\par \pard\plain \s19\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\loch
Overall, the Ultralisk now has slightly more counters that can slow or stun it and is somewhat more effective against structures.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\pagebb\sb0\sa120{\rtlch\af8\afs24 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\cf1\fs32\b\f4\dbch\af8\loch
190_Broodlord}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sb0\sa240{\rtlch\af8\afs24 \ltrch\loch\cf1\dbch\af8
\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f\u9472\'3f}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\dbch\af7\loch
In this video, I present the changes made to the Broodlord.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\dbch\af7\loch
The Broodlord is, on the one hand, quite vulnerable because it moves relatively slowly, but on the other hand, once a critical mass is reached, Broodlords become extremely powerful, especially when supported by an army. Their broodlings block all enemy ground units and prevent them from reaching the Broodlords. The few units that can get into range, such as Blink Stalkers, are usually in great danger from other units protecting the Broodlords and often end up being sacrificed. Once Stalkers have blinked in, they can\u8217\'92t blink back out quickly enough, as the broodlings also block their retreat path.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\dbch\af7\loch
In addition, the Broodlord\u8217\'92s initial projectile already deals significant damage, making the broodlings themselves often less important when it comes to sniping small groups of units that get dangerously close. The broodlings also have a very short lifespan.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\dbch\af7\loch
All of this means that Broodlords are very difficult to counter without air units, but at the same time, they are easy to counter when used alone or in small numbers without army support.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1{\dbch\af7\loch
To make the Broodlord more viable on its own and in smaller numbers, the lifespan and damage of the broodlings, as well as the Broodlord\u8217\'92s movement speed, acceleration and weapon range, have been increased. To make it easier to counter Broodlords in larger numbers or when supported by an army, the broodlings\u8217\'92 HP, movement speed and the Broodlord\u8217\'92s initial damage, and its attack speed have been reduced. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\rtlch\af9\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\dbch\af7\loch
This should give players more options with and against the Broodlord.}
\par }